washington county sheriff's deputies were answering a call about a domestic assault when lembke pointed his weapon at them.
westrich shot a beaverton police officer responding to a domestic-disturbance call at his home. when officers arrived, he threw bricks and household items out the  windows and then opened fire.
beaverton police officers shot karjalainen when he moved toward them with a replica gun.
tualatin police said that wickizer was attempting to break into a neighbor's home. police said wickizer pointed a gun at the officers.
a wichita police officer, who had been told quintero was armed with a knife, shot quintero when he moved his hands toward his waistband.
a wichita police officer stopped garner for a traffic violation. as they were speaking, garner drove away, dragging the officer with him.
a sedgwick county sheriff's deputy stopped the car douglas was driving because the officer suspected he was impaired. the sheriff's office said that as the deputy approached the car, douglas pointed a gun out the window at the officer.
perez-lopez, a robbery suspect, refused orders from plainclothes san francisco police officers to drop his weapon. his family has disputed the police account.
san francisco police confronted benitez after he threw bottles into the street. as benitez was being arrested, he grabbed an officer's gun and a second officer shot him.
san francisco police confronted a man who had entered an unfinished building and was pointing a rifle at a hospital. they opened fire when he refused to drop the gun.
woods allegedly brandished a knife at san francisco police officers. the shooting was captured on video by a bystander.
san francisco police said that gongora, a homeless man, moved toward officers with a knife.
police said they attempted to detain nelson-williams because the car she was driving was suspected to have been stolen. nelson-williams was shot after crashing the vehicle.
evans police officers shot rodriguez outside a billiard parlor after he threatened them.
greeley police responded to the report of a "bloody woman" at the door of a residence asking for help. at the scene, officers encountered atencio, who was armed and refused to drop his weapon.
evans police answered a trespassing call and found two men on the property. one man was apprehended by police. the other man, luke miller,  pointed a gun at officers, who shot him.
mondragon held two women at gunpoint in a bowling alley, demanding money. greeley police arrived as he fled the scene and pointed a gun at officers. police said they found and confronted him as he stole a car from a motorist.
an oklahoma highway patrol officer shot brown during a struggle at a traffic stop.
he shot at chandler police officers who suspected him in a burglary.
he rammed his suv into the police vehicles of scottsdale  officers who were investigating a credit-card fraud operation.
phoenix police officers confronted tewa, a robbery suspect, at a motel. officers shot him when he jumped into a car and rammed a police vehicle.
a u.s. marshals task force trying to arrest muna attempted to block his vehicle at an intersection. officers shot him when he moved into the back seat of his car and began firing at them.
hernandez was caught in the crossfire of a gun battle between his friend, salvador muna, and u.s. marshals.
tempe police officers were called to metz's apartment to check on a domestic disturbance. when they entered, metz stabbed one of the officers.
reinhart pointed the gun at phoenix police officers, who said he was acting strangely when they encountered him.
a glendale officer approached stone, who was in a vehicle outside a circle k, and shot her when she refused to drop the handgun. 
mesa police were called to investigate reports that a man was trying to break into homes. the man approached officers, refusing to drop the metal pole. 
the shooting happened after officers attempted to stop the vehicle he was in. the man fled the car and brandished a gun.
snyder, who had held his ex-girlfriend hostage for hours in her home, pointed a gun at a phoenix police officer and exchanged gunfire with officers who responded to the scene. 
a gilbert police officer stopped young's vehicle for speeding in a school zone. during the encounter, young accelerated his car toward the officer.
phoenix police officers were attempting to arrest rudolph on a felony drug warrant when he brandished a weapon.
mesa police were called after residents said krstic, a neighbor, was acting erratic. when police arrived, he lunged toward an officer with a metal rod.
mesa police were called to the hotel to investigate reports that a man pointed a rifle from a window. when police questioned shaver in a hallway, he reached toward his back and didn't cooperate with the officer's orders.
when phoenix police tried to stop rivera, who was driving a stolen car, he fled. when he eventually stopped, rivera put the car in reverse and struck several vehicles.
a woman in mesa called 911 and said ochoa threatened her with a gun. he fled in his car to a home in gilbert, where he brandished kitchen knives at mesa and gilbert police.
phoenix police were responding to a report of a fight. when officers found the suspect's vehicle, a man began shooting at police. when officer's returned fire, they shot and killed another man, cossyleon, who was also involved in the disturbance.
phoenix police said that clark killed his girlfriend and then exchanged gunfire with officers who arrived at the scene.
phoenix police responded to a report of a burglary in progress by a man who reported that his son was stealing firearms from his home. when officers arrived, the suspect began shooting at them from inside a parked van, killing one officer.
phoenix police were called to check on the well-being of a man who was brandishing a gun and banging on windows. when officers arrived, he shot at them.
colorado river indian tribes police were called to investigate a report of a man with a knife. police said that when an officer confronted parker, he refused to drop the weapon.
buckeye police officers were responding to reports that there had been a shooting at the ferguson's home. he shot at responding officers from his car.
he was shot by scottsdale police officers when he ran from them and refused to drop his knife. the police were responding to reports of a man behaving erratically.
mesa police said officers began to follow carillo's vehicle because he was a suspect in a homicide. police said when the officers forced him to stop, he reached for what they believed was a gun.
ceniceros fought with a phoenix police officer in a parking lot. he was shot when he grabbed the officer's gun.
phoenix police said that torres pointed a gun at officers. after police shot torres, they determined the weapon he had was a bb gun.
del rio, who was suspected of robbing a credit union, was shot and killed by phoenix police after he led officers on a nearly 30-mile chase.
phoenix police responded to a report of a home invasion. one of the suspects escaped in a vehicle and led police on a chase. when he stopped, he ran from the vehicle and pulled out a gun, police said.
police from surprise were responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle. when an officer encountered adame, he fought with the officer and attempted to flee in his car.
phoenix police received a call about a robbery at a store by a man who threatened an employee with a knife. when officers located the man near a canal, he brandished a knife and advanced toward the officers.
a saline county sheriff's deputy checking on the welfare of a toddler in nichols's care shot him when he pointed a gun at the deputy.
a burlington police officer said he shot at steele's family dog and struck steele by accident.
a federal fugitive task force was trying to arrest him when he pointed an air-powered pellet gun at them.
harris stole a car and led police on a brief chase before he was killed in a gun battle with officers.
davis was attempting to rob a bank. a pittsburgh police officer who was providing security for the bank fatally shot davis.
wetter, who stabbed a police dog, was shot by stockton police officers responding to a home invasion.
lao shot at two stockton police officers and a san joaquin county sheriff's deputy.
stockton police officers saw garcia attacking a woman inside a car. he led them on a car chase and later accelerated toward officers, striking one in the arm.
reid was sought by lodi police in connection with another shooting. when officers located him at a restaurant, he fled and opened fire on police.
california highway patrol officers tried to stop the vehicle gleason was driving because they suspected it was stolen. he led patrol officers and manteca police on a pursuit, crashed the vehicle and then fled on foot with a handgun.
stockton police on patrol encountered three men who ran when they saw officers. police said one of the men attempted to steal a car from a woman.
stockton police were searching for a suspect in a robbery. when they located friday, who matched the description, he fled on foot. as friday ran, he dropped a handgun and then attempted to pick it up, ignoring an officer's commands not to do so, police said.
san joaquin sheriff's officials said deputies were responding to a report of a man with a knife.
an officer with the freeport police shot sneed as he threatened his girlfriend.
he pointed a gun at lake jackson police officers called to the home by a roommate.
smith county detectives were searching for brooks because he stole a police vehicle. when they found him at a residence, he was armed with a gun and attempted to flee.
brazoria county deputies received a call about a woman with a gun in an apartment parking lot. boardman ignored deputies' commands and pointed the gun at them, authorities said.
fletcher fired at members of a federal fugitive task force looking to arrest him on drug and weapons charges.
smith assaulted a columbus police officer who was investigating a domestic disturbance.
alexander was a robbery suspect. columbus police swat team officers shot him in a parking lot when he refused to drop his weapon.
columbus police officers were investigating suspicious activity in an apartment parking lot. when the officers approached a car full of people, one of the occupants, bell, appeared to reach for a gun.
columbus police were responding to a report of a shooting. kirk had shot three people in a home invasion. officers found him in a nearby home.
columbus police were responding to reports of a man who was threatening people with a gun. collins fled in a suv and then on foot. he ignored officers' commands to drop the gun.
barry attacked several people in a restaurant with a machete. he fled in a car and led columbus police on a chase. when it ended, he lunged at officers.
two columbus police officers were patrolling a neighborhood in plainclothes and in an unmarked car when they saw two men standing on a street corner. one of the men was holding a gun. when the officers showed their badges and ordered green to drop the weapon, he shot at the officers.
columbus police responded to a call about a man with a gun in an apartment. the man was shot during a confrontation with officers outside.
columbus police were answering an armed robbery call and chased two people into an alley. police said that one of the two, king, brandished what appeared to be a gun. police later determined it was a bb gun with a laser sight.
columbus police said that robinson was a suspect in a homicide that happened earlier in the day. an officer saw robinson leaving a home with a gun. when another officer ordered him to stop, he fled on foot.
authorities said that artan drove his car into a crowd of students, climbed out of the car and began slashing people with a butcher knife. he was shot and killed by an ohio state university police officer.
a des moines police officer shot brickman following a bank robbery.
during a traffic stop, bolinger acted erratically, then led des moines police on a chase. he got out of his car and walked quickly toward a police car.
urbandale police officers were called to the hotel to investigate reports of a drug transaction. yahia exchanged gunfire with the officers.
when new orleans police stopped a suspicious car, maximillian ran and then fired at the officers.
johnson died in a shootout with new orleans police called to an armed robbery at a dollar general store. 
a new orleans police officer pulled over a car for a traffic violation. as the officer approached the car, mckinnis fired a gun from inside. the officer returned fire.
jefferson parish deputies answered a call about a man pointing a gun at people in a shopping mall. harris fled and led deputies on a car chase. he crashed and then reversed the vehicle toward deputies.
simpson drove toward deputies of the yellowstone county sheriff's department who were searching for a burglary suspect.
six officers from a federal fugitive task force shot marshall, wanted on a burglary charge, after he tripped as he fled and his gun discharged.
carbon county sheriff's deputies were investigating reports of a domestic disturbance at graham's home. graham shot at deputies with a rifle.
barker, looking for work clearing snow from home sidewalks, was shot after he hit a salt lake city police officer with his shovel.
he was shot during a struggle with four officers from draper and west valley city police.
berger broke into a home and stabbed a woman who lived there. a salt lake city police officer confronted him inside the home.
henderson shot and killed a unified police officer who was investigating a traffic accident. henderson fled on foot until another officer found him, who he shot and injured.
unified police officers were attempting to arrest anderson, who was hiding in a closet. officers shot anderson after he shot and killed a police dog.
taylor was a suspect in an armed robbery of a credit union, police said. he fled in a pickup truck and was shot and killed after he crashed.
howard was shot as he struggled with a union county sheriff's deputy who had responded to a burglary alarm at a pharmacy.
hamby fired at syracuse police who were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance.
police said heaton ran from a stolen vehicle, climbed on top of a garage and refused to come down. the standoff ended after he shot at police and officers from three departments returned fire, killing him.
foreman shot his son, then pointed a gun at an england police officer.
while handcuffed in the back of a police car, he fired at officers from the arkansas department of community correction and lonoke county sheriff's office.
lonoke county sheriffs were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. luchsinger, who was armed, confronted deputies.
martinez threatened el paso police officers during a traffic stop. 
sanchez threatened to kill el paso police officers who had been called to a burglary. a taser had no effect, and sanchez charged at an officer. a woman who said she is sanchez's mother has spoken to television news and disputed the police account.
an el paso police officer noticed bertram had a gun during a traffic stop. bertram fled and exchanged gunfire with the officer.
border patrol agents heard gunshots and found a man bleeding outside a bus station. as they investigated, another man, leroy, attempted to steal a vehicle and then pointed his gun at an agent.
el paso police had been called to a home to investigate a domestic disturbance. williams ran out of the home waving a bb gun.
barbosa was shot during a confrontation with a south gate police officer who was investigating an attempted carjacking.
meza, standing in a downtown street waving a gun, was shot when he pointed the weapon at los angeles police officers.
navas, driving a stolen car, was shot by an officer when a police suv pulled alongside his vehicle during the chase. navas attempted to flee after being shot, but was caught and died of his wounds on the sidewalk.
los angeles county deputies were responding to a call about two people trying to steal a car. as deputies questioned one suspect, valdez drove toward them at a high speed.
perez, who fled a traffic stop and car wreck, was shot by a los angeles sheriff's deputy when he put his hands in his waistband.
terrazas, suspected of killing a woman, died in a shootout with los angeles county sheriff's department deputies.
washington had pulled up next to a car and began shooting a woman, who later died, and her 12-year-old son, when hawthorne police officers shot him.
los angeles police department officers heard gunshots in the neighborhood and discovered a shooting victim. when they found and confronted rodriguez, he fired shots at them.
a long beach police officer, answering a vandalism call, fired when he saw morejon extend his arm. the officer believed morejon was holding a gun. no weapon was found.
glenn, who was homeless, scuffled with a bouncer outside a bar. he had a physical altercation with two los angeles police officers who were trying to detain him and was shot.
ma, who had just killed a man with a meat cleaver, refused orders from los angeles county sheriff's deputies to drop the cleaver and ran toward them.
arrigun was shot after hitting a los angeles police officer with his car as he tried to flee.
morad, who witnesses said was behaving erratically, had jumped from a second-story window and then moved toward an officer and threatened to attack.
juarez stabbed his brother and brandished a knife at west covina police officers who responded to the incident.
he pulled a gun from his jacket when he was approached by two deputies with los angeles county's anti-gang unit.
los angles county sheriff's deputies were responding to a 911 call from a homeowner about an attempted break-in.
los angeles police, who were called to a home to investigate an assault, shot hendley after he came outside holding a knife. a man inside the home died from stab wounds.
los angeles police confronted him after he broke out store windows with a skateboard. white grabbed an officer's taser and used it on the officer.
davis pulled out a box cutter in a coffee shop and employees called 911. he refused to drop the box cutter when ordered to do so by los angeles police officers.
los angeles police responded to reports of a man firing a gun in studio city. raines refused to drop his weapon when police ordered him to do so.
los angeles county deputies were investigating a domestic disturbance when romero threatened the officers and struck one of them with a metal rod.
hunt stabbed six people and ignored long beach police officers' orders to drop the knife.
los angeles police were investigating a report that she had robbed a pharmacy and encountered her in an alley armed with a knife.
los angeles police responded to a report of a dispute. when officers entered the house, soriano hit an officer in the head and shoulders with a 4-foot-long, metal contractor's level.
chau was shot by an el monte police officer as he held a knife to his wife's throat. earlier in the day, chau killed his mother-in-law and stabbed his brother-in-law.
los angeles county deputies began pursuing tapia because he was driving a stolen car. he stole a second car at gunpoint and led officers on a high-speed chase. he eventually went into a restaurant and held employees at gunpoint.
los angeles police officers responded to a report of a disturbance. officers encountered chaidez brandishing a gun.
los angeles police were answering a call about reported gunfire when they encountered wilhelm, who was armed. he had shot and killed a woman.
while stopped at an intersection, los angeles police officers heard their patrol car's rear window shatter. the officers got out of the car and fatally shot the man.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies responded to a report of a home invasion. rangel attempted to grab a weapon from a deputy.
los angeles county deputies followed his vehicle because they suspected he was driving under the influence. the man drove at and struck a patrol car. one deputy suffered a minor leg injury from the attack.
los angeles police responded to a call about a man wandering drunk in traffic. after cano refused to move, police used tasers and a bean-bag gun to subdue him. he grabbed the bean-bag gun and fired a round at an officer.
two los angeles sheriff's deputies stopped gonzalez while on patrol. he pointed a weapon at the deputies.
los angeles county deputies were responding to calls about a man who was wandering through traffic while holding a gun. robertson ignored officers' commands to drop his weapon.
long beach police officers shot saycon when he confronted them with a knife.
browning crashed his vehicle into the side of a restaurant. as palmdale sheriff's deputies attempted to arrest browning, he struggled and grabbed one of the officer's guns.
los angeles police were searching for hua in a murder investigation. he barricaded himself in a residence, leading to an hours-long standoff.
san fernando officers shot the man after he rammed his car into a patrol car and led police on a short chase.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies stopped the vehicle hernandez was driving because it matched the description of a car used in an assault. hernandez climbed out of his car, ignored deputies' commands and reached behind his back.
a homeowner encountered the man burglarizing his home and called police. los angeles police officers shot longoria, who was armed with a pellet gun, after a confrontation.
the man was shot by los angeles police after they responded to a report that he was armed with a knife and an assault was in progress. herrera moved toward officers while holding a hunting knife.
los angeles police began pursuing the car mendez was driving because it was stolen. mendez led officers on a chase and then stopped and climbed out of the car with a sawed-off shotgun.
quinn swung an ax at a neighbor and threatened to kill him. when los angeles county deputies arrived, quinn raised the ax over his head and walked toward officers.
los angeles police responded to a report of a burglary at an apartment. one woman had suffered stab wounds and two other people were injured. police found jaradat outside the apartment holding a knife.
rodriguez was a passenger in a car stopped by los angeles police officers for a traffic violation. he became agitated and reached for what the officers believed was a weapon. police recovered a gun from the car.
inglewood police answered a call about a car stopped at an intersection. michael, who was driving, had a gun. officers shot and killed her and a passenger.
the man was a passenger in a car stopped at an intersection. inglewood police approached the car and noticed that the woman who was driving had a gun. officers shot and killed sandlin and the woman, kisha michael.
a los angeles county sheriff's deputy saw a stolen car parked at a gas pump. when the deputy ordered the driver to get out of the vehicle, garcia accelerated the car and struck the deputy.
he led south gate police on a car chase after an officer attempted to stop the vehicle he was driving. torres crashed his car and then shot at an officer.
long beach police attempted to stop the vehicle in which hurtado was a passenger. he fled on foot and when officers caught up with him, he brandished a handgun.
montion, who was suspected in a kidnapping, barricaded himself inside a home. when he came out, montion pointed a gun at los angeles county deputies.
los angeles police responded to a call about a burglary. when officers arrived, they found valdez armed with a knife and holding an elderly man hostage.
long beach police responded to a report of a man with a "uzi." when officers arrived, gibson ignored their  commands to drop the weapon. police said the weapon was later determined to be an air-powered rifle.
los angeles police said officers were attempting to detain diaz when he shot and wounded an officer.
los angeles police officers shot bursey after an altercation during a traffic stop.
los angeles county deputies were called to investigate a disturbance at duran's home. when they arrived, he lunged at them with a spear.
ramos was arguing with a woman at a convenience store. an employee called 911. bell police said that when they arrived, ramos moved toward officers with a knife.
los angeles police were patrolling a housing complex when they encountered a crowd of people who began to run. risher pulled out a gun and exchanged gunfire with police, wounding one officer in the arm.
he was a carjacking suspect and fled from los angeles sheriff's deputies. shots were fired at the deputies during the pursuit. when they stopped thompson, he and a passenger fled on foot. he charged at deputies in a yard.
gonzalez was shot by los angeles police officers after a car chase. people in the area had told police that he was armed.
swihart, a homeless man, became involved in a physical altercation with santa ana police officers. police said he allegedly tried to grab an officer's gun. he died aug. 14 from his injuries.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies tried to stop bowers, who was riding a bicycle. deputies shot him after he abandoned his bicycle and fled on foot.
romero was shot by los angeles police officers after a foot chase. police said romero was armed with a gun and fired toward the officers who were pursuing him.
a los angeles police officer stopped a vehicle in which watkins was a passenger. watkins fled the vehicle on foot. an officer said he shot watkins when he turned toward him with a handgun.
the los angeles county sheriff's department said two deputies chased taylor on foot and then he pointed at gun at them. no gun was immediately found at the scene.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies were investigating a shooting and looking for three suspects. authorities said quintero ran down an alley and that when deputies caught up with him, he pulled a handgun from a waistband.
huntington park police were called to a construction site about a homeless man who refused to leave the area. the man brandished a five-foot pipe as an officer tried to handcuff him, police said.
los angeles police tried to pull over a vehicle they said was possibly stolen. the driver led police on a pursuit and two passengers fled the vehicle on foot. an officer chased snell behind a house, where he shot him.
the man began shooting at people in his neighborhood, killing one man and critically wounding two women. when azusa police arrived, he fired at the officers who were helping victims. police said he was on a cocaine binge.
whittier police were investigating reports of an erratic person walking around a neighborhood with a machete. police said that the man charged at responding officers with the weapon.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies were called to the store for a report of an armed robbery. the man emerged from the business after a three-hour standoff and shot at deputies.
los angeles police officers were patrolling an area and observed what they thought was a burglary from a car. officers chased the suspect, later identified as cartagena, and shot him. police said they recovered a gun that they believe belonged to cartagena.
downey police had approached hess after reports he was armed with a knife and gun and had threatened to kill family members. he fled, but was seen that night. police said hess reached for a weapon in his pocket as officers were trying to apprehend him.
authorities said barrios pointed a shotgun at los angeles county sheriff's deputies.
los angeles police said joseph fled when officers approached him. police said the officers believed the joseph was armed and that a handgun was recovered at the scene.
el monte police attempted to stop the suv the man was driving for suspected drunken driving. he led police on a slow-speed chase, stopping briefly before turning around and driving toward three officers, authorities said.
a north las vegas police officer tasered and shot figueroa during a confrontation.
boulder city police officers had responded to reports of gunfire, and when they approached allen, he held up a pistol and began firing at officers.
bauer fired shots inside a hotel room and then sprayed  henderson police officers with pepper spray.
day shot a las vegas metropolitan police officer in the face with a pellet gun as the officer responded to a report of a robbery.
a neighbor called 911 because he was standing outside of a residence screaming and firing a rifle. he refused orders from las vegas police officers to drop the rifle.
las vegas police officers were investigating the report of a larceny. officers stopped a vehicle that matched the description of the car used in the crime. one of the suspects fled on foot and then pointed a gun at police.
north las vegas police officers responded to reports of a domestic disurbance at the his home. anderson exchanged gunfire with the officers.
smyth refused to pull over during a traffic stop by police. he drove to a park and accelerated his vehicle toward two clark county school district police officers.
las vegas metro police were investigating a stolen car. when police located the vehicle, sanchez emerged from a nearby home and pointed a gun at officers.
las vegas metropolitan police were helping a u.s. marshals task force serve a warrant on childress for charges in arizona.officers mistook a cellphone childress was holding for a weapon. 
simpson shot at his mother and then killed two of her neighbors, las vegas police said. he ran from police and shot at officers, who returned fire, killing him. he died in may from his wounds.
las vegas metropolitan police officers were investigating another shooting on the las vegas strip when they shot and killed the man.
north las vegas police were called to a casino where one man had killed another man with his fists. police said officers shot the suspect during a confrontation.
a man fled on foot from a traffic stop, shooting at a nevada highway patrol trooper.
wilson was shot by metropolitan las vegas police officers after a car chase. the officers had attempted to pull him over at a traffic stop; however, he fled. when wilson came to a stop, the officers said they saw he had a weapon with him in the car.
a nevada highway patrol trooper began to pursue munoz, who was a suspect in an earlier carjacking, because he was driving recklessly. during the chase, he struck another vehicle and, when he got out, attempted to steal a second car, troopers said.
he fired at albuquerque police officers during a foot chase.
grimm was sitting in a stalled pick-up truck when he brandished a gun at bernalillo county sheriff's deputies. grimm's girlfriend disputed the deputies' assertion that he was armed. 
albuquerque police officers were chasing molina in his vehicle. he climbed out his car and pointed a gun at officers.
when bernalillo county sheriff's deputies tried to pull over jaramillo's car, he rammed the patrol car and fled. they gave chase and opened fire.
albuquerque police were called to a report of an armed carjacking. rodriguez fled on foot and was shot by police when they found him.
u.s. marshals were serving a warrant at camacho-alvarado's trailer when was shot. his family said they believe law enforcement officers entered the wrong trailer.
a laguna police officer was investigating a stolen car outside a casino. when the officer confronted the car's two occupants, gunfire was exchanged. the officer was shot, and sandoval was killed.
officers in a u.s. marshal's task force were attempting to arrest montoya on a warrant when he began shooting at them.
albuquerque police said they went to the residence after a report that a man was intoxicated and armed with a gun. police said that humphrey pointed a gun at officers.
childers, an escaped inmate, was killed when he exchanged gunfire with members of the texas department of public safety swat team.
he drove his suv toward two st. paul police officers.
st. paul police responded to a report about a man with a gun. smith shot and wounded a woman and then exchanged gunfire with police.
st. paul police said they were conducting an investigation when smith opened fire on them.
castile was shot by a st. anthony police officer after a traffic stop. castile told the officer he had a weapon in the car. a woman in the car said he was reaching for his wallet when the officer shot him.
goebel drove a truck through a closed garage door toward officers from several police departments.
he refused repeated commands from an old bridge police officer to drop the knife.
old bridge police went to jencsik's home after he reportedly stabbed two people, killing one of them. after a standoff, jencsik came to the door of his residence with a gun.
sowell ran from a traffic stop and then opened fire on    an indianapolis police officer and a security guard.
norman had beaten his father and was holding a knife to the throat of his mother, who both later thanked indianapolis police officers for saving their lives.
long fled from indianapolis police after they stopped the car in which he was riding. 
dyer was a passenger in a car pursued by indianapolis police. when the driver backed the car toward police vehicles, officers opened fire.
indianapolis police said green, suspected in an armed carjacking, rammed a police car and accelerated toward officers. a witness disputed the account.
indiana state police were conducting a drug investigation. foy brandished a gun and shot a trooper in the hand.
bryant drove away when indianapolis metropolitan police attempted to stop the truck he was driving. when officers entered his home, they found him holding a gun.
indianapolis police were responding to a report of an armed robbery in progress at a mcdonald's. gover was armed, police said.
indianapolis police were responding to a 911 call from hicks's wife, who said she was being physically assaulted by her husband in their car. police said that one of the officers who arrived got into a physical confrontation with hicks.
indiana state police were serving a search warrant at a residence when edwards confronted officers with a gun.
an indianapolis police officer tried to stop a driver he believed was sought in a criminal investigation. tyson fled, shooting at officers as he drove. one officer was shot and wounded in the ankle.
payton refused commands by aurora police to drop his gun after a convenience-store robbery.
ramirez carjacked a suv on a highway and led police on a high-speed chase. when he crashed the suv, he fired shots at officers. he was killed by an arapahoe county sheriff's deputy.
hoang stole an aurora police officer's patrol car and led police on a short chase.
aurora police were responding to a report that the man had stabbed two women, one of whom later died from her injuries.
minneapolis police responding to a report of an assault got into a physical altercation with clark. however, multiple witnesses said he wasn't resisting arrest and was in handcuffs when police shot him. minneapolis's mayor requested a federal civil rights investigation into the shooting.
a louisiana state police officer shot him through the window of a trailer where he was holding his girlfriend hostage.
he died in a shootout with a texas ranger and an agent from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives.
he confronted a fremont police officer looking for a man who had brandished a knife at children and others.
emeryville police said henderson shoplifted, threatened a security guard with a gun, tried to carjack nearby vehicles and then pointed her gun at officers.
oakland police officers spent an hour trying to wake up hogg, who was passed out or asleep in his car on an interstate off-ramp with a handgun on the passenger seat. when he woke up, there was a confrontation with officers.
when pleasanton police officers responded to a burglary alarm at a car dealership, the man was standing outside the business. he tried to run and struggled with an officer.
francis's wife and a roommate told police that he chased  them with a kitchen knife. when fremont police arrived, he refused to drop the knife and charged at officers.
oakland police conducting a sexual assault investigation encountered a man with a rifle. the man shot at officers as they approached his house.
oakland police attempted to stop his car because it matched the description of a vehicle linked to an armed robbery. he led officers on a short pursuit, crashed the car and then exited the vehicle holding a gun.
alehegne jumped in front of an oakland police officer's patrol car at an intersection. when the officer climbed out of her car, alehegne struck her repeatedly in the face and head with a metal chain.
oakland police were towing vehicles after a car show. perkins approached officers and pointed a realistic-looking toy gun at them.
newark police were responding to a report of a robbery at a kentucky fried chicken restaurant. police said valencia pointed a gun at an officer as he attempted to flee.
hayward police said soto was driving a stolen car and rammed police vehicles and struck an officer as he attempted to flee.
during a foot chase, walker dropped a gun, picked it up and turned toward the officer with it in his hand.
a man at a drug rehabilitation center stabbed four patients and fled. when cherokee county deputies located him, he moved toward them holding a knife.
he stabbed a fort worth police officer during a struggle at a traffic stop.
king fired at fort worth officers when they opened his bedroom door. his mother had called police to check on him.
following a police chase, villalpando walked toward an officer's patrol car with his hands up and refused the officer's orders to stop.
police say mcgregor aimed a gun at them after they arrived at a home for a call reporting a burglary suspect. the homeowner was shot in the hand by mcgregor prior to police arriving. 
police said a fort worth officer shot goldston after he backed his vehicle into another officer.
a fort worth police officer encountered two groups of men involved in an altercation outside of a restaurant. vallejo was armed with a gun and ignored the officer's orders to drop the weapon.
he drove his suv into a car dealership and a security company reported a burglary in progress at the business. arlington police confronted him in the showroom.
hurst police officers were responding to a report of a domestic dispute. they chased dunaway and shot at him. police said he had a handgun. 
a johnson county deputy pursued the man because he was suspected of stealing a gun from a pawn shop and fleeing at high speeds. he entered a residence, and when he emerged, he opened fire on deputies and state troopers.
brown physically attacked several of his neighbors. when  saginaw police arrived, he attempted to attack officers. a toxicology report indicated he had methamphetamine in his system.
officers from multiple texas law enforcement agencies were attempting to arrest watson on a warrant. he was shot when he brandished a firearm during a confrontation with them.
fort worth police and u.s. marshals were searching for mciver's son, a fugitive. mciver and his son fled in a car and then on foot into a wooded area. they shot at law enforcement, wounding a fort worth police officer.
a kearny police officer shot johnson after he charged toward him with a samurai sword.
dass drove away from the scene of a traffic accident and then drove his pickup truck toward a pinal county sheriff's deputy who had been pursuing him.
maricopa county deputies were attempting to arrest kurtley on a warrant. he climbed out of a bedroom window with a gun. the gun was later found to be a bb gun.
he died in a confrontation with weymouth police officers after his mother was found stabbed to death outside the family's home.
braintree police responded to reports of a domestic disturbance. dussourd moved toward officers with a knife.
hodge, hiding in a crawl space from riverside county sheriff's deputies, shot a police dog then emerged with a gun.
a riverside county sheriff's deputy shot sawyer when he pulled a replica handgun from his pocket. the deputies had been patrolling the neighborhood and suspected sawyer was involved in drug activity.
cavazos fired at officers from the riverside county sheriff‰Ûªs department and california highway patrol who tried to arrest him during a traffic stop.
when riverside county deputies attempted to stop his pickup truck, he led officers on a brief pursuit. after a standoff, he emerged from his vehicle and pointed a gun at the officers.
riverside sheriff's deputies were responding to a call about a woman threatening other people at a house. when deputies arrived, wagner pointed a gun at them.
at least one indio police officer shot villarreal as he tried to flee the scene of an attempted car theft. police said he backed a car into an officer's cruiser.
ulloa began shooting at california highway patrol troopers during a traffic stop.
cathedral city police shot hutchinson while investigating a domestic violence call.
a jurupa valley deputy was responding to a call about a man drinking in a park. a physical altercation ensued between the man and the deputy.
riverside deputies were responding to a call about a man being destructive with a hammer at a subway restaurant. the man charged at deputies.
the man, suspected of stealing a golf cart, exchanged gunfire with a riverside county sheriff's deputy.
hemet police patrolling a shopping mall noticed a man acting agitated inside of a vehicle. as the officers questioned the man, he pulled out a gun.
hemet police were called to a mobile home park to investigate reports that quiroz was brandishing a gun. police said quiroz refused to drop the weapon.
lake elsinore police were responding to reports of a man breaking into cars. najera advanced toward officers while holding two baseball bats, police said.
temecula police were responding to a 911 call from a residence. when police arrived, tucker approached officers with a knife, authorities said.
he was a suspected carjacker who refused to surrender and was shot by riverside county sheriff's deputies after a three-hour car chase.
montanez was shot by indio police when he threatened people on the street, then refused orders to drop his weapon.
a man holding a hatchet and a stick was approaching vehicles at a fast-food restaurant drive-through. when beaumont police confronted him, he ignored their orders.
palm springs police were responding to reports that the man had made threatening statements and was behaving erratically in a rite aid parking lot. when the officers arrived, he became physically violent with police.
a riverside county sheriff's deputy responded to calls about a man being verbally abusive to a woman outside a courthouse and behaving erratically. cookson pulled out a knife and lunged at the deputy.
hamilton was shot by hemet police officers after a chase.
he exchanged gunshots with u.s. border patrol agents who were searching for smugglers.
he refused orders from st. louis metropolitan police officers to drop the firearm.
allen was a passenger in a car stopped by st. louis county police. when he tried to drive away, an officer climbed into the car to stop him and shot him during the altercation.
he was one of two armed men who fled from a house where st. louis police were serving a search warrant. he stopped, pointed his weapon and was shot by two officers.
a person flagged down a st. louis police officer and told him a robbery was in progress at a nearby kentucky fried chicken. when the officer approached the restaurant, west pointed a gun at him.
st. louis police attempted to stop a vehicle that had been stolen in a carjacking. the driver led police on a short chase, and a passenger pointed a gun at an officer.
a st. louis police officer tried to pull over a car for a traffic violation. police said thompson eventually stopped in the middle of the road, ran to a nearby yard and then pulled out a gun and shot at the officer.
st. louis county sheriff's deputies pursued ballard after a carjacking. authorities said he got out of the stolen vehicle wearing a mask and pointed a gun at deputies.
undercover st. louis police officers were following bush, who was suspected of shooting an officer in the face the night before. police said that bush jumped out of the car he was riding in and shot at the undercover officers.
meton drove through a border inspection checkpoint, led u.s. border patrol agents on a 30-mile chase and then  pointed a pellet gun at them, authorities said.
longview police received a call about a man wearing a mask outside a pharmacy. when officers arrived, dial exited his vehicle holding a handgun.
a gladewater police officer attempted to pull over the man's vehicle for a traffic stop. wise led the officer on a pursuit, then jumped out of the vehicle and ran into a field.the officer and wise became involved in a physical altercation. wise was able to gain control of the officer's gun.
flache, who had been shooting out streetlights, shot at an austin police helicopter overhead.
holt walked into a hotel lobby with a rifle and started shooting, striking one person. when austin police arrived, holt ran and fired at officers.
austin police were investigating a report by a woman that she was being followed. when officers approached lepine, he ran and pointed a gun at them.
austin police were responding to reports of an erratic, aggressive person. joseph, who was naked, rushed toward the officer.
a security guard at an apartment complex chased and tackled martin who was breaking into vehicles in the building's garage. an austin police officer arrived and ordered martin to show his hands. martin pulled out a semi-automatic pistol and shot the officer, who returned fire, killing the man.
austin police responded to reports that a man was looking into cars. when officers found crocker, he fled on foot. officers used a taser on him and ordered him to show his hands. when he rolled over, he had a gun and shot at police.
turner rammed a police k-9 vehicle as lauderhill police officers tried to arrest him for driving a stolen car.
ft. lauderdale police shot washington when he held a woman hostage and threatened her with a sharp object.
ziegler, who was sought by police in a bank robbery, struggled with broward county sheriff's deputies and then pulled out a gun.
a plantation police officer was patrolling an area behind an office building when he encountered him. he punched the officer in the face when he was told to leave.
fuller fled two traffic stops. when a broward county detective later found him in his vehicle, fuller reached for a gun.
hallandale beach police officers were responding to reports that cars were being burglarized. when officers approached a car in which was wilson sitting, police said he attempted to drive away, and an officer opened fire.
broward county deputies received several 911 calls reporting that frazier was breaking items and threatening women with a knife. when deputies arrived at the residence, they found him eating in the back yard. deputies said frazier then brandished a knife.
levelland police officers were responding to a domestic-disturbance call when ruiz walked out of his house wielding a knife.
after robbing a walgreens pharmacy, myler exchanged gunfire with rexburg police officers.
baltimore police on patrol spotted martin, on foot and with a gun. they confronted him and he opened fire, striking an officer, and they fired back.
police said the shooting occurred when baltimore officers who were on patrol saw johnson and his father, matthew v. wood jr., get out of a car while armed with guns. officers believed they were about to shoot a group of people nearby.
police said the shooting occurred when baltimore officers who were on patrol saw wood and his son, kimani johnson, get out of a car while armed with guns. officers believed they were about to shoot a group of people nearby .
police said the man began shooting at plainclothes officers with a rifle.
a coppin state university police officer shot douglas after he saw him shooting at a car with two people inside.
a pueblo police chase of lopez, a suspect in a home invasion, ended in a shootout.
colorado state police stopped the man's vehicle near a gas station. he stole another vehicle and drove toward officers.
pueblo police were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. they encountered gonzales, who moved toward them while holding a gun and knife.
police, who were assisting the colorado department of corrections fugitive unit track down sanchez, said he pointed a handgun at an officer after a foot chase.
campbell approached winslow police officers with a gun when they arrived at his house. police were responding to a call about him holding a woman at gunpoint.
camden county police officers exchanged gunfire with baez, who was involved in a domestic violence incident.
denver police officers shot hernandez when she drove a stolen car toward them in an alley.
vinzant was shot by aurora police officers trying to arrest him on a warrant.
denver police were responding to a report of a shooting where a man had injured himself. martinez refused to leave the house and shot at officers.
munoz, who was sought on kidnapping and other charges, led officers from the denver police department on a car chase. he ran from the vehicle on foot and shot at one of the officers.
a mountain view police officer stopped gonzalez's vehicle for a traffic violation. gonzalez exited his vehicle with a shotgun.
police were investigating a stolen jeep. leith exchanged gunfire with aurora police officers.
police were investigating a report of a stolen vehicle. longeran climbed out of the car with a gun.
denver police responded to a report of a burglary and located two suspects. gonzalez shot an officer in the foot and then ran. he carjacked a vehicle and led police on a chase, exchanging gunfire with officers.
hannu fired a shotgun at a thornton police officer who had approached his car. hannu fled and then exchanged gunfire with police, wounding an officer.
a denver police officer shot damon as authorities attempted to arrest him on a warrant for armed robbery. he refused officers' orders to get out of his car and made a move police considered threatening.
lakewood police sought the man for arrest and located him inside a vehicle in a parking lot. police said that heitman told officers he was armed. members of the swat team shot him after a three-hour standoff.
denver police said they were attempting to arrest the man when he moved toward officers while swinging a hunting knife.
ferguson was wanted on several warrants and tried to steal a vehicle. denver police said he tried to steal a patrol vehicle and grab an officer's gun as they attempted to arrest him.
ramos was shot by aurora police officers after a confrontation at his house while they investigated a previous shooting. ramos shot one of the officers in the face.
garcia, handcuffed in the front seat of a patrol car after a chase, was shot by lynn county sheriff's deputies when he tried to drive away in the vehicle.
alexander ignored commands from bakersfield police to drop his weapon.
burdge, a former prison guard, was suspected of shooting another prison guard at his home. he was shot during a standoff with bakersfield police. 
bakersfield police were trying to arrest hernandez for attempted murder, kidnapping and sexual assault when he fled and then pointed a gun at them. police later determined that it was a bb gun.
hanna charged at tehachapi police officers who were called to a domestic disturbance.
velazquez was shot when he approached shafter police officers and ignored their orders to drop his weapon.
garza led delano police officers, who were investigating reports of threats and a drive-by shooting, on a car chase. he shot at police from his car.
bakersfield police were responding to a report of a man firing a gun in the park.
he was killed by kern county sheriff's deputies after a two-week manhunt. he had been suspected of killing one person and kidnapping three others.
bakersfield police confronted alderman as he was breaking into a subway restaurant, which was closed.
bakersfield police were called to a hotel to break up a fight. when officers arrived, celio fled on foot and then shot at an officer in an alley.
bispo led california highway patrol officers on a car chase that ended on a dirt road. officers shot him after he brandished a gun. he died from his injuries on feb. 3, 2016.
a man with a knife threatened and charged at employees at a train station. a bakersfield police detective responded to 911 calls about it and confronted long.
villarreal fled an attempted traffic stop, then fled on foot while firing at bakersfield police officers.
bakersfield police were responding to reports of a man carrying a revolver in a neighborhood. when police arrived, they shot serna, who police later determined was holding a crucifix. his family said he was suffering from the early stages of dementia.
during a traffic stop, ingram shot clifton police officer and a greenlee county sheriff's deputy.
elrod, a robbery suspect, disobeyed commands from omaha police to show his hands.
omaha police were serving an arrest warrant for a previous shooting when wheeler opened fire. officer kerrie orozco was killed in the exchange of gunfire.
culbertson was shot by a douglas county sheriff's deputy when he pointed his gun at the officer's head. he fired at least one shot but did not hit the deputy. culbertson died aug. 10.
omaha police said that mcintire ignored their orders to get out of his car and instead drove toward an officer.
beebee was shot by an omaha police officer after a short chase on foot. police said beebee lunged toward the officer while holding a butcher's knife.
douglas county deputies were attempting to arrest anderson based on a warrant. there was a struggle as anderson got into a vehicle and accelerated toward officers multiple times.
alverson shot a police dog and was then killed by wise county sheriff's deputies.
a nocona police officer shot hostetter, a montague county sheriff's deputy, after responding to a reported disturbance at his house.
karasek shot at rosenberg police after fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend and injuring another man.
the suspect led houston police on a chase after carjacking a woman's vehicle at a gas station.
willis, a suspect in a homicide, made a threatening gesture toward a stillwater police officer.
cushing police officers were called to a home to investigate a report that a man was trespassing. he pointed a gun at two people and refused officers' commands to drop the weapon.
kentwood police were responding to a domestic dispute. gulley had allegedly killed a woman inside his home, fled the scene and, when officers found him, moved toward them with a knife, police said.
police said that idris had allegedly stolen a handgun from a gun store. when a wyoming police officer found him, idris pointed the weapon at the officer, police said.
a harris county sheriff's deputy on patrol heard gunshots and pursued reyes, who refused to drop his weapon. reyes was suspected in two homicides.
salazar pointed a gun at members of a u.s. marshals service task force who were tailing him to serve warrants on robbery and aggravated assault charges.
trieu argued at a restaurant, then got a gun and shot at the door of the business. a harris county sheriff's investigator, who was dining there, returned fire.
quezada, wearing a camouflage jacket, stood at an intersection with a pellet gun that resembled a rifle. quezada pointed the pellet gun at a baytown police officer who was responding to a call about him.
shephard climbed out of his vehicle and houston police officers ordered him to raise his hands. after he reached into his car, police opened fire. 
hernandez, suspected of burglarizing cars, led houston police officers on a chase. he then threatened a police dog and its handler with a knife.
after a traffic stop and high-speed chase, he climbed out of his truck and pointed a shotgun at himself and then at montgomery county deputies and a tomball police officer.
houston police were called to his home for a domestic disturbance. roy pulled a revolver from his waistband while an officer questioned him.
police said ryans was suspected of robbing a pawn shop. when houston police officers confronted him, ryans pointed a gun at them.
houston police were responding to a robbery at a pawn shop. officers ordered berry to drop his weapon but he refused.
houston police pulled over allen for a traffic violation. allen brandished a pistol.
weatherford police officers attempted to stop chatham for running a stop sign. chatham fled the scene and later rammed his car into a police cruiser.
a houston police officer approached gaines after he vandalized a traffic sign. gaines lunged at the officer.
an off-duty harris county sheriff's deputy who was working as a security officer saw what appeared to be a carjacking in progress at a walgreens. when the deputy attempted to intervene, loud grabbed the officer's taser and physically attacked him with it.
houston police confronted five men outside a furniture store they had just robbed. bennett was one of two men who were killed in an exchange of gunfire with swat team officers.
houston police confronted five men outside a furniture store they had just robbed. nelms was one of two men who were killed in an exchange of gunfire with swat team officers.
a deputy with harris county constable precinct 5 stopped a driver for traffic violations. barnes ignored the deputy's commands and began to drive away with the officer clinging to the car door. the deputy said barnes was reaching for his gun.
houston police were patrolling a neighborhood when they encountered braziel in the street waving a gun. police said he didn't respond to officers' commands to drop the gun.
houston police said that desai went on a shooting spree that injured nine people and then exchanged gunfire with responding officers.
alvin police were seeking daffern on a warrant. police said that he pointed a gun at them and refused to drop the weapon.
police were called to a pharmacy after the man attempted to fill a prescription that had been forged. after a short chase, officers confronted the man.
baltimore county police were attempting to arrest gaines on a warrant. police said she pointed a shotgun at the officers and refused to drop the weapon. gaines's 5-year-old son was injured in the exchange of gunfire.
colvin was a suspect in an attempted bank robbery.  baltimore county sheriff's deputies said he drove a car toward officers. a deputy shot him through the windshield.
haglund shot a bay city police officer called to investigate a home invasion. the officer returned fire.
a hummelstown police officer shocked kassick with a taser and then shot him twice in the back as he lay on the ground.
johnson robbed a bank in neighboring corona, carjacked a minivan to escape and led corona police on a short chase before officers shot him.
harden stole a vehicle and during a chase tried to ram officers from san bernadino police.
driver made several 911 calls threatening to kill fontana police officers. when they responded, he attacked them with a knife.
when san bernardino deputies tried to pull him over, johnson led them on a high-speed, wrong-way car chase. deputies shot at him from a helicopter.
rialto police officers were answering a domestic disturbance call from a woman about her boyfriend. when officers arrived, pena struggled with them and pulled out a knife.
a 7-year-old girl called san bernadino police to say that a man was threatening to shoot her father in a park. ortiz fled when officers arrived. an officer found and confronted him in an alley.
malik exchanged gunfire with officers from multiple law enforcement agencies after she and her husband, syed farook, killed 14 people and wounded 21 others at the inland regional center.
farook exchanged gunfire with officers from multiple  california law enforcement agencies after he and his wife, tashfeen malik, killed 14 people and wounded 21 others at the inland regional center.
a resident flagged down a san bernardino police officer after a man with a knife ran inside a nearby house. carreon took a female hostage and ignored the officer's commands to drop the knife.
mike held his girlfriend hostage outside of the office depot where she worked. he shot and wounded her before being killed by police.
a woman called chino police and reported that a man who had attempted to ask her questions was armed.  when chino police found the man, later identified as wells, he ran and then pointed a gun at officers, police said.
san bernardino police said they were responding to a report of domestic violence at a residence. when they entered the home, peacor was threatening to stab a woman. police shot him after he refused to drop the knife and began to stab her.
colton police were chasing a stolen vehicle. the vehicle crashed in a high school parking lot and police shot both occupants of the car, killing vargas.
williams ran at the sight of two st. louis police officers on patrol and, when they caught up, pointed a gun at them. he had been shot by police in a past incident.
he had attacked his sister and nephew with a hammer and knife. when st. louis county and lakeshire police officers arrived, he charged at them with the hammer.
huck barricaded herself inside her home with another woman. after a standoff, st. louis police officers entered the home and exchanged gunfire with huck. 
concord police shot musulman after he stabbed a police dog with garden shears.
a tallahassee police officer investigating a burglary at an apartment complex confronted lett, a resident. they fought and the officer shot lett five times.
tallahassee police were called after someone reported a man sitting on a bench in the park with a weapon. 
colon confronted two undercover officers with the orlando police drug unit and refused to drop his gun.
paffen's girlfriend called the orange county sheriff's office after he violated a protective order and tried to meet her at a grocery store. as deputies arrived, paffen shot at them.
orlando police officers attempted to arrest davis after they were called to a fight. davis fled and then struggled with police.
orlando police were called to an apartment complex to investigate a report of suspicious activity. they encountered provost, who refused to put down a realistic air soft gun.
orlando police responded to reports of a man walking in the street with a gun. when police arrived, the man, later identified as charles, refused to drop the weapon. police determined the gun was a simulated firearm.
orange county sheriff's deputies were investigating a report of a burglary at a residence. when a deputy found armstrong, a suspect in the burglary, she pointed a gun at him.
robinson, a suspect in five convenience store robberies, was shot by waco police officers after he led them on a high-speed car chase.
hughes had been detained at the grocer for allegedly stealing $80 in food. he brandished a knife on waco police officers who responded.
the shooting happened as a u.s. marshals task force sought to arrest atkins at his home on a warrant in the death of a 1-year-old boy. he threatened officers with a knife.
memphis police said bess pointed a gun at officers who were attempting to arrest him on a warrant. bess's family, in the house at the time, dispute the details of this shooting.
memphis police said stewart fought back when an officer attempted to handcuff him during a traffic stop.
when memphis police attempted to stop a vehicle, the driver led police on a short chase before crashing. two men fled on foot and bracher fired a gun at officers.
shelby county deputies were called to lawson's home to investigate a report that someone was acting violently. lawson advanced on deputies with a knife, authorities said.
oklahoma city police officers were trying to serve a warrant at hill's house. hill, who was sitting in a car, began shooting at police.
lewis drove a car toward officers with the oklahoma city police department.
duarte raised a rifle toward an oklahoma city police officer, who was investigating a report of a disturbance.
malone pointed the gun at an oklahoma city police helicopter and officers who were investigating a report that a man was attempting to break into cars.
he pointed the gun at oklahoma city police officers investigating a report that he tried to break into a vehicle.
oklahoma city police officers sought williams as a suspect in a rape investigation. when officers found him, he lunged at them with a knife.
midwest city police were investigating a report of a burglary. pettit pointed a gun at an officer.
oklahoma city police were responding to a report of a robbery at an apartment complex. turner struggled with the officers over a rifle.
gastonia police forced their way into allen's home during a wellness check requested by his family. allen, an army veteran, approached an officer with a gun.
sexton approached a gastonia police officer holding a musket, and refused an order to drop it. officers had been called for a domestic disturbance.
wilkes shot and killed a neighbor. when gaston county police arrived, he shot and wounded two officers.
the man was trying to flee a store where people he was with had attempted to pass illegal checks. he rammed his car into a dallas police patrol vehicle.
anchorage police shot whittaker after he rammed police vehicles during a traffic stop, led officers on a chase and exchanged gunfire with them.
an anchorage police officer on patrol attempted to detain the man, who was a suspect in a theft. the man brandished a gun and shot the officer. a second officer shot and killed the man.
presque island police received calls about a man with a knife acting erratically. sam rapidly approached the responding officer while holding the knife and ignored commands to drop it, police said.
a dallas officer arresting a burglary suspect shot luster as he drove his pickup at them. luster had chased and shot at  the robbery suspect.
robinson, a suspect in two murders, was killed when he confronted desoto police who had chased him by car and on foot.
simpson and nadir soofi were shot by garland county police after they attacked the site of a muhammad art exhibit and contest.
soofi and elton simpson were shot garland county police when they attacked the site of a muhammad art exhibit and contest.
cody, a sex offender wanted for a parole violation, pulled out a gun when dallas police officers attempted to arrest him.
dallas police were called to a report of a robbery at a home. when responding officers confronted him, he fought with officers and climbed inside of a vehicle.
martinez drove away from a traffic stop by mesquite police officers. when he eventually stopped, he climbed out of his car and brandished a weapon.
seagoville police responded after a man called 911 and said he killed his girlfriend. close exited the house and charged at responding officers. his girlfriend was dead inside.
irving police were called to a report of an attempted home invasion. marcellus fled the scene with two other men and  exchanged gunfire with officers.
mesquite police officers were investigating a suspicious vehicle when the driver, jones, led them on a car chase. when it ended, he climbed out and shot at officers.
irving police responded to a report of a robbery in progress at a check cashing store. dew was armed with a shotgun and holding a female employee hostage next to a vehicle.
an off-duty farmers branch officer witnessed the attempted burglary of a vehicle and chased the suspects as they fled in a car. cruz was shot and killed by the officer.
portillo fled on foot from a traffic stop. dallas police said portillo turned with his weapon toward a pursuing officer.
a plainclothes dallas police officer was investigating an unrelated property crime when he witnessed zapata shoot at someone. the officer identified himself as police and zapata began firing at him. the officer was injured in the foot.
a dallas police officer in plainclothes located a vehicle stolen during a carjacking. the driver, later identified as garcia, got out of the stolen car with a gun and approached the officer, police said.
a woman told carrollton police that hickson had held her hostage at a hotel. police said that when they arrived at the hotel, hickson reached for a gun in his waistband.
a duncanville police officer shot and killed murray as officers attempted to arrest him.
santa clara police officers encountered gates, who was armed, as he robbed a 7-eleven. gates fired a shot at the convenience store clerk.
san jose police were called to investigate a stabbing that left a man critically injured. rivera led officers on a car and foot chase and then confronted officers with a meat cleaver.
sunnyvale police officers investigating suspicious activity at a motel found two men with guns. they fired at both, killing one; the other escaped.
san jose police were following castillo because he was a homicide suspect. when they confronted him outside a laundromat, he reached for a gun in his waistband.
san jose police shot jacquez as he ran from a car crash. there were chasing him because he was a suspect in a homicide.
san jose police responded to reports of a woman taken hostage in a home. after a three-hour standoff, acevedo emerged with a gun in each hand and opened fire on police, who shot and killed him. the woman was later found dead.
sunnyvale police were responding to a domestic call about a sexual assault. nero charged at officers with a knife.
gilroy police received 911 calls reporting domestic violence at an apartment. when they arrived, alvarez exited the residence and confronted officers.
san jose police were called to a home where two people had been stabbed. officers encountered rosas who was holding the knife.
the santa clara sheriff's office said that a deputy ordered the man to drop his weapon but craig, a veteran, refused. friends said that he may have believed the deputy was an intruder.
lara-rodriguez seized a pest-control truck at gunpoint and led officers from kansas highway patrol and kansas city, mo., police on a 30-minute chase.
pippin fled a federal task force that was serving a search warrant. after a car chase, he fled on foot and exchanged gunfire with officers.
a trooper with the pennsylvania state police killed carlin as officers attempted to arrest him on a warrant.
when a deputy with the carroll county sheriff's office stopped belk's car, he climbed out with the gun in his hand.
a laredo police officer was moving to frisk day when day pulled a gun and opened fire.
laredo police were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance at his apartment. when officers arrived, vallarta stabbed one of them.
barkley got into an altercation with miami-dade police officers, who were on bike patrol and had responded to reports of gunfire. his mother said he been drinking and playing with a gun, according to a police report.
severe, who was homeless, refused orders from miami-dade police to drop a metal stick or pipe. investigators say dozens of children watched the shooting.
julian barricaded himself in his apartment after robbing a bank. he pointed a weapon at miami beach police after a seven-hour standoff.
a homestead police officer encountered foster after police were called about a man who had a gun. foster's family and witnesses dispute that he was armed.
miami-dade police officers were searching for arroliga, who was a suspect in a shooting. he opened fire on officers as they approached an apartment building.
miami police were investigating a domestic disturbance when yero arrived and pointed a gun at officers. he fled in his car and after a short pursuit exchanged gunfire with police.
miami-dade police were called after a woman and her son had been stabbed. police found lopez, the suspect, and shot and killed him during a confrontation.
tapia was a suspect in an armed robbery and led miami-dade police officers on a car chase. tapia was shot after his car came to a stop with a flat tire and he pointed a gun at officers.
brown smashed the windshield of an opa-locka police vehicle.
winesett, a suspect in an attempted bank robbery, was shot by miami beach police officers when he refused to drop a straight-edge razor
a woman called miami-dade police and said she had been kidnapped by her ex-husband. when police located his vehicle, dufore emerged from the woods nearby with a shotgun and pointed it at an officer, police said.
a miami police officer on patrol encountered del rosario after he stabbed a woman and her 2-year-old daughter, police said. the woman died at a hospital.
miami-dade police officers were canvassing the neighborhood as part of a drug investigation. police said that when an officer approached carraway, he pulled a gun from his waistband.
pierre-louis attempted to flee a traffic stop by a florida highway patrol officer, driving away with the officer clinging to the hood of his car.
miami-dade police officers pulled over a car that was moving erratically. police said that the driver, rollins, got out of the car and had a gun.
 iuka police officers followed means into a wal-mart, where they exchanged gunfire.
caldwell pointed a gun at a marana police officer who had been called to investigate a domestic assault.
a tucson police officer shot uribe when she approached him with the knife outside a fast food restaurant.
a man exchanged gunfire with tucson police officers who were responding to reports of suspicious activity at the scene of a homicide.
leon matched the description of a suspect in a residential burglary. when tucson police officers approached him, he brandished a gun.
pima county sheriff's deputies were called to a disturbance at a golf resort. wickert attacked one of the deputies who responded.
tucson police said that calix fell off his bicycle. after emergency personnel provided treatment to calix, he brandished a gun and struggled with officers, police said.
the events leading to rael's death included the ramming of a marana police car, a car chase and crash, a shootout, a stolen police car, a carjacking and a fatal gun battle.
a pima county sheriff's deputy was investigating a report that a man was taking pictures of children and trying to get them into his car. when the deputy stopped gastelum's vehicle, he got out and attacked the deputy, the sheriff said.
herrera led sahuarita police on a short car chase and then shot at the officers who were pursuing him.
south tucson police said valencia became involved in an altercation with an officer outside a homeless mission.
tucson police were attempting to arrest gomez. he exchanged gunfire with police, wounding two officers.
casper pointed a gun at a boise police officer, who had responded to a report that a man was breaking out the windows of a duplex with a crowbar.
boise police said rodriguez, who was suspected of drunken driving, rammed his vehicle into several police cars.
police said officers were responding to a report of a suspicious person. bauer fled police in a vehicle and then when he emerged pointed a rifle at officers from boise and garden city.
boise police sought romero after a reported carjacking. romero fled in the vehicle from officers and then got out and ran through a neighborhood. when officers found him, he shot at police, wounding two officers.
bess fled utah county sheriff's deputies who were attempting to arrest him on a warrant. when officers found him, he charged at a deputy with a knife.
called to investigate a suspicious person, a springfield police officer chased ireland on foot and then shot him during a confrontation.
springfield police arrived at a traffic accident. one of the drivers ran away from the scene and pointed a gun at officers.
a springfield police officer was responding to a domestic disturbance. phillips refused to drop his knife and tried to grab the officer's gun.
republic police responded to a traffic accident in which a man had struck two buildings with his car. the driver, meikle, knocked an officer down with the vehicle. his family said he had epilepsy and may have been having a seizure at the time of the incident.
deputies from the eaton county sheriff's office were investigating a vehicle that had run into a ditch. lundy was inside the vehicle and had a gun.
guilord struggled with an eaton county sheriff's officer during a traffic stop and was shot seven times.
sparks stabbed two people with a knife at a vocational school and then brandished a bb gun at tewksbury police officers.
officers from the val verde county sheriff's office and the del rio police shot saldivar after he threatened people with a machete and tried to run over officers with a tractor-trailer. 
an off-duty charlotte-mecklenberg police officer responded to the mall after he heard gunshots. westbrook was among two groups of people that began shooting at each other inside the mall.
charlotte police were attempting to arrest wallace in connection with a homicide. he began shooting at officers.
charlotte mecklenburg police were called to the neighborhood to investigate a report of gunshots. murphy allegedly fired at responding officers from the balcony of an apartment building.
charlotte-mecklenberg police said smith was a suspect in a shooting on bus. police said that when officers located smith, he was holding a gun and refused to drop it.
a north carolina state trooper tried to pull harris over for speeding, but he continued driving. harris was shot when the chase ended and he got out of his car. his family said he was hearing impaired.
an off-duty charlotte-mecklenburg police officer heard gunshots in a shopping mall in which he worked. when the officer responded, westbrook pointed a gun at him, police said.
homewood police officers were carrying out a search warrant for drugs at grant's apartment when he began shooting at them.
hollis led irondale police on a chase into birmingham, where he crashed his vehicle. police said he fled on foot and exchanged gunshots with an officer.
shelby county sheriff's deputies attempted to stop the car he was driving. after a brief chase, core stopped and then tried to strike a deputy who approached his vehicle.
u.s. marshals and new mexico state police were attempting to arrest carter on a charge of sexual contact with a minor when he barricaded himself in an rv and threatened to shoot them. 
jones brandished the sword at ruidoso police officers who were called to the home to investigate a domestic disturbance.
klassen was shot by ruidoso police officers when he refused to drop his weapon. the officers were responding to reports of a domestic violence situation. klassen was reportedly intoxicated.
leonard pointed a gun at a palm bay officer after police went to his home to investigate a 911 hang-up call.
bishop died in a shootout with brevard county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies and cocoa police. they were called to investigate a person shooting into homes and cars.
mcdaniel, wanted for several robberies, pointed a gun at melbourne police from his car in a burger king parking lot.
titusville police said joynt had just robbed a bank. police shot him when they responded to the scene.
nichols stabbed his girlfriend in a domestic dispute, led police on a car chase and then attacked a catasauqua police officer with a 13-inch knife.
livingston parish sheriff's deputies shot beason when he pointed his weapon at them. the deputies were attempting to arrest beason on attempted murder charges.
u.s. marshals were attempting to arrest smashey on warrants for armed robbery and aggravated assault when he moved toward them with a knife.
thomas tried to flee in a car from cobb county police officers with a warrant. police said he drove toward them. a witness has disputed that account.
a georgia state trooper attempted to stop the truck rodriguez was driving for speeding. rodriguez fled, leading the officer on a 10-mile chase. when rodriguez struck another vehicle, he climbed out of his truck and began shooting, wounding the trooper.
dorsey held people hostage inside a convenience store. officers from the the cobb county police swat team shot and killed him after a standoff.
giaquinta killed his ex-wife and her boyfriend and then exchanged gunfire with habersham county sheriff's deputies.
millbrook police officers were investigating a burglary at the home when washington opened fire.
ashwaubenon police stopped a car driven by kuik, a suspect in an armed robbery. he got out with a gun and shot at them.
long rammed the law enforcement vehicles of the u.s. marshal's service and terre haute police who were trying to arrest him. police said that long refused to show his hands and reached inside his jacket.
cuevas ran away from lakeland police when they tried to arrest him in a park. police said he reached for his weapon.
a polk county sheriff's deputy approached fuller as he sat in a stolen vehicle. he fled on foot and when deputies caught up with him, he brandished a black and chrome object that appeared to be a handgun. after the shooting, deputies determined he was holding a stapler.
a marion county deputy stopped napoli's vehicle because he was sought for questioning in an investigation. as the deputy approached his vehicle, napoli raised a handgun at her and the two exchanged gunfire.
polk county sheriff's deputies and other officers from a drug task force stopped the car perry was driving because he was sought for arrest on a warrant. when officers approached the car, perry began shooting at officers, who returned fire.
polk county deputies responded to a report of a domestic disturbance at a home. when they arrived, pacuicrk and his brother were fighting and pacuicrk had shot their mother. authorities said that pacuicrk pointed a gun at the deputies.
savino called 911 twice saying that her son needed help. when a polk county deputy arrived, he reported that he found her alone and saw no emergency. savino brandished a knife and moved toward the deputy, authorities reported.
gulfport police say briggs hit a light pole, refused to leave his vehicle and reached for a gun. his family said police tried to forcibly remove him from his car and shot him in the neck, adding that he had a history of chronic pain and could not get health care.
biloxi police were called by motorists who reported a man with a gun. sheppard was shot when he refused to drop his weapon.
after a high-speed chase and a car crash, harry pointed a handgun at worth county sheriff's deputies.
santa ana police said diaz was in a vehicle that matched a description of one used in a robbery.
osorio climbed out of his truck and confronted santa ana police officers with a gun.
anderson, a former marine, jumped out of a car after it was stopped by anaheim police.
genova, who was attempting to burglarize a pharmacy, bit one fountain valley police officer and grabbed another officer's gun.
anaheim police responded to reports that najera was knocking on doors and wouldn't leave. officers located him in a nearby park and shot najera after a confrontation.
orange county deputies responded to a call about a suspicious vehicle outside of a hotel. the shooting happened after deputies located a man inside the car. he got out and a struggle ensued.
santa ana police were responding to a report of a burglary in progress. quintanilla was one of two suspects killed.
santa ana police were responding to a report of a burglary in progress. reyes was one of two suspects killed.
anaheim police responded to calls about a man shooting at two people. rendon then drove to his estranged wife's house, where he shot and wounded his brother-in-law. he then shot at a police helicopter.
members of a u.s. marshals fugitive task force located a man wanted in connection with a 2014 shooting. the man ran into an apartment and then charged at officers while holding a knife.
authorities said that villanueva fled a traffic stop and drove his pickup truck toward two undercover california highway patrol officers.
santa ana police became involved in a physical altercation with the man after a traffic stop. officers used a taser and then shot the man.
authorities said flores was in a car that rammed into another vehicle and forced it into a median. anaheim police chased flores on foot, shooting him in the courtyard of a residence.
freeman shot at greenville county sheriff's deputies who were investigating a theft from a business.
greenville county sheriff's deputies were serving a search warrant at a garage. as deputies approached the building, the  man ran outside and shot at them.
a resident called 911 to report possible gunfire inside a neighbor's apartment. when greenville county sheriff's deputies entered the apartment, rosemond shot and wounded a deputy.
greenville county deputies responded to reports of a man waving a gun near a walmart. dogan pointed the gun at one of the deputies, who shot him. he died two weeks later.
parker, a suspect in three homicides, led a boone county sheriff's deputy on a car chase, then died in a shootout.
columbia police were seeking adair in connection to a robbery when officers encountered him in a parking garage at the university of missouri.
hill brandished a gun after officers pursued her from california into arizona. hill and another suspect shot at other motorists and fired at an officer during the car chase.
george county sheriff's deputies were called to investigate reports of a gunman shooting at mailboxes. when they arrived, matkins refused to come out of his residence and shot at officers.
george county sheriff's deputies attempted to stop the driver for a traffic violation. he led deputies on a high-speed chase.
a joliet police officer, suspecting barrow in a theft, chased him on foot, then shot when barrow reached for a handgun in his pants.
rhinvil pulled a handgun from his pocket as he struggled with a wicomico county sheriff's deputy.
a volusia county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy was part of a squad serving a search warrant for narcotics at the home when he shot cruice in the face.
volusia county sheriff''s deputies stopped the car in which wagner was a passenger for a traffic violation. while deputies spoke with the driver, wagner pulled out a gun and fired at them.
volusia county sheriff's deputies were responding to a dispute about cab fare. teter came out of his home with a gun.
volusia county sheriff's deputies were investigating an apparently abandoned car. when deputies walked up to the vehicle, sims brandished a gun and was shot.
volusia county deputies stopped the car brown was riding in after he and the driver allegedly robbed two women. deputies said that brown brandished a knife and refused to drop it.
volusia county deputies were responding to reports of daum pointing his gun at drivers. deputies said he pointed a gun at them and refused to drop it.
milwaukee police were responding to a report of a robbery when they encountered johnson and exchanged gunfire with him.
a wauwatosa police officer noticed a suspicious vehicle near a park at night. police said anderson, who was sitting inside the car, was holding a handgun.
milwaukee police were investigating a stabbing when the suspect, austin jerry lee howard jr., returned to the scene. police said he charged at officers while holding a knife.
milwaukee police shot smith after he fled a traffic stop on foot. an official said he refused police commands to drop a handgun.
while struggling with a lancaster county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy trying to arrest him, hubbard reached for a gun and was shot by a deputy u.s. marshal. hubbard was being sought by a fugitive task force on an outstanding assault warrant.
lincoln police officers attempted to arrest a man after a traffic stop. grigsby struggled with the officers and shot at them. two officers were injured.
williams drove toward putnam county sheriff's deputies as they tried to arrest him during a drug sting.
robinson had taken hallucinogenic mushrooms and was reported to madison police for running in traffic and battery. police said he assaulted a responding officer as he entered his residence.
mckillop, a robbery suspect, tried to flee in his car, dragging a delaware state trooper through a drug store parking lot.
officers with homeland security, n.c. alcohol law enforcement and the transylvania sheriff's department were trying to serve a search warrant related to the making of illegal alcohol.
damon and a companion tried to disarm officers from colorado parks and wildlife and the moffat county sheriff's office who stopped at their parked vehicle.
farmer shot into an apartment building and tried to enter some of the apartments. when dekalb county police located him, he shot an officer five times.
dekalb county sheriff's deputies were called to a residence to check on a man sleeping in the driveway with a rooster. when the deputies arrived, mung rushed at officers with a machete.
croom, wanted in the slayings of two women, killed a deputy u.s. marshal when officers tried to arrest him at a motel. 
an east baton rouge parish deputy responded to a 911 call from a woman screaming for help. the deputy found mckinney holding a knife and a woman suffering from stab wounds.
baton rouge police officers were responding to reports of an armed man at a convenience store. video recorded by a   bystander shows that sterling was on the ground when he was shot. witnesses gave conflicting accounts about whether he was holding a gun.
authorities said that walker shot his girlfriend and pushed her from his car. he assaulted and shot bystanders who tried to help her. he then shot at law enforcement officers when they found him walking along the highway.
port wentworth police responding to a 911 call concerning a domestic disturbance found mitchell stabbing a woman. then he stabbed an officer.
cuyler pulled out a gun at a traffic stop and shot at officers from the savannah-chatham metropolitan police department. 
johnson opened fire on cleveland police officers, who were investigating a report of a domestic disturbance.
officers with the cleveland police department confronted jones as he came out of a grocery store that he had broken into. 
brennan, suspected of robbing a pizza restaurant, led police on a pursuit. when he stopped, he pointed what appeared to be a handgun at officers from the parma heights and brooklyn police departments. it was later determined that brennan was holding a replica weapon when he was shot.
stokes was being driven to the jail by a metropark ranger when he pulled out a gun and shot at officers.
lake havasu city police responded to a domestic disturbance call after scott broke into his parents' home. officers found him in a bedroom holding a knife, police said.
a kingman police officer was checking on the status of a stopped car in the roadway. according to reports, phillips was in the vehicle and pointed a shotgun at the officer.
kingman police were serving a warrant for stolen property when cave shot at officers, injuring one.
authorities said that kennedy drove his car toward a mohave county sheriff's deputy.
baldwin county sheriff's deputies had been called to fleury's home to investigate a disturbance. fleury pointed a gun at officers and is believed to have fired at least one shot.
garnett refused to pull over for a traffic stop and drove his suv toward a deputy with the cecil county sheriff's department.
a maryland state trooper approached hall outside a wal-mart because he was sought in a theft. hall resisted the trooper's attempt to arrest him, climbed into his car and accelerated with the trooper partially inside of his vehicle.
porter and her boyfriend were sought for arrest as part of a heroin investigation. porter emerged from a hotel room and pointed a gun at maryland law enforcement officers. the weapon was later determined to be a bb gun.
metropolitan police department officers responded to a report of an armed robbery. mcmillan shot at the officers in the store's parking lot.
the man stole a vehicle in a carjacking and then led prince george's police officers on a chase.
a metropolitan police department officer shot napper who confronted him with a large hunting knife.
he ran from a metropolitan police officer patrolling the neighborhood. john tripped and fell. a bb gun resembling a semi-automatic rifle fell next to him and he scrambled for it.
metro transit police were called to investigate a report of fireworks near a metro station. when officers arrived, washington shot at police, who returned fire.
a d.c. police officer tried to stop sterling, who was driving erratically on a motorcycle. police said that sterling tried to flee and rammed the officer's patrol car as the officer was attempting to get out of his vehicle.
metropolitan police responded to a domestic disturbance. police said hall stabbed his girlfriend and lit paper towels on fire. he ignored officers' orders to drop a knife, police said.
liggett was shot by a deputy u.s. marshal who was serving an arrest warrant at the residence.
the man stole a vehicle at gunpoint and then fired at independence police officers after a pursuit.
hawkins brandished a sword at people in a park and then at a kansas city police officer.
missouri highway patrol troopers pursued sinclair because he was driving a stolen vehicle. he drove off the highway and opened fire on officers.
police pursued harless, who was driving a stolen car. when the vehicle came to a stop, harless fled on foot and turned toward officers with a gun.
law enforcement officers confronted seals and two other men after police say they robbed a walgreen's. one of the men brandished a weapon, and seals was killed.
members of a drug enforcement administration task force were attempting to search a residence. during a standoff, garcia shot at kansas city police officers and then came out a back door and pointed a rifle at officers.
kansas city police stopped crosby-dowdy because he was a suspect in a robbery. police said that when they attempted to remove him from his car, he reached for a gun.
napa police were serving a search warrant when jimenez fled on his motorcycle, crashed and then reached for a gun, according to police.
faith opened fire on san antonio police officers after his car came to a stop.
he ran from san antonio police officers during a traffic stop. during the foot chase, he reached for a handgun that fell from his waistband.
san antonio police officers were investigating a report of a burglary in progress when albrecht lunged at officers with a knife.
a texas state trooper stopped the vehicle pacheco was driving for a traffic violation. pacheco told the officer that he was armed and attempted to get back into his car.
san antonio police were called to the business by someone who reported a man was attempting to steal a car in the parking lot. the suspect fled police and shot at an officer, who returned fire.
undercover san antonio police officers were monitoring scott, who had outstanding arrest warrants. when a uniformed officer approached scott, he spun around with something in his hand. police later determined that scott was holding a cellphone.
hernandez stole a pickup truck and then led wilson county sheriff's deputies on a chase. he climbed out of the vehicle and exchanged gunfire with the deputies.
san antonio police were conducting surveillance at a motel. as one of the suspects attempted to leave, police said they confronted him and he grabbed an officer's gun.
san antonio police officers were responding to reports of a domestic assault. when police arrived, longoria shot at the officers, who returned fire, striking him. he died several days later.
san antonio police said that contreras was wanted for the assault of his girlfriend and ran into a residence.  when he came back out of the house, he was holding a gun, police said.
san antonio police said the man was holding a woman captive and assaulting her. police said he pointed a rifle at officers and refused to drop the weapon.
reintzel, who was disabled, had cut himself and then charged west virginia state police. 
siler was shot when a kenosha police officer attempted to arrest him on a felony warrant.
kenosha county sheriff's department deputies confronted fude, who refused to drop his shotgun.
boyd tried to run over a pike county deputy with his four-wheeler.
following a traffic stop, leon exchanged gunfire with police, stole another car at gunpoint and fled. he was later found dead inside a home.
chavez-diaz approached wildlife officers investigating marijuana plants with a handgun, then pointed the gun at them.
reyes opened fire at citrus heights police officers responding to a domestic violence call at his apartment.
sacramento police shot a man after he fled a traffic stop and fired on the officers.
citrus heights police were called to a disturbance at an apartment and found an injured woman. police attempted to speak with ide who then barricaded himself inside the apartment. officers said that when ide came out, he approached officers with a knife.
sacramento county deputies attempted to stop makarenko, who was driving erratically. he led the deputies onto a dead-end road during a chase and then reversed his vehicle toward the officers.
citrus heights police were responding to report that a man had a gun and was "acting strange." when officers encountered mcclurg, he pointed a gun at them.
the sacramento county sheriff's department said irwin had a knife and lunged at deputies, who were responding to a domestic disturbance call.
sacramento county sheriff's deputies were investigating a report of a burglary. authorities said attaway fled the scene on foot and pointed an object at the deputies.
caruthers shoplifted and menaced employees at a sporting goods store with a knife. an off-duty medford police officer in the store chased caruthers. when the officer showed his badge, caruthers swung the knife at him.
owen shot at a bladen county sheriff's deputy and a bladenboro police officer who were responding to a report of a man with a gun. 
alston, who was driving a stolen car, rammed a jacksonville sheriff officer's patrol car and threatened the officer with a gun.
following a struggle with jacksonville police officers, stallworth had dropped his gun and was running away. police said stallworth turned toward the officers, who believed he was still armed and fired. the family has questioned the police version of events.
larosa struck a jacksonville police officer with his vehicle and rammed a police cruiser during a drug sting. he fled on foot and reached for his waistband as he turned toward police.
the jacksonville sheriff's office was serving a search warrant at a home as part of a drug investigation. as deputies entered the residence, graham brandished a handgun.
a jacksonville officer attempted to stop the car bing was driving because the vehicle was reported stolen. bing led the officer on a pursuit and then crashed into the officer's patrol car. police said that bing ignored commands to stay inside the vehicle.
a jacksonville police officer responded to a report of a home invasion and found depetris on the property with a shotgun. police said he pointed the gun at the officer.
a canyon county deputy, responding to a report of a domestic disturbance, shot rapp when he emerged from his home with a weapon drawn. it is unclear if rapp fired any rounds. 
after a car chase and wreck, fowler killed a navajo nation police officer and wounded two others in a shootout.
robinson shot and wounded a pregnant woman and a police officer, then died in a shootout with apache county sheriff's deputies and eagar officers.
eagar police responded to a domestic violence call. slade opened fire on officers when they arrived.
desmond crashed his truck into a fence and began firing at jefferson parish sheriff's deputies in a parking lot. 
marshall came out of his house with a semi-automatic handgun and was shot by a jefferson parish sheriff's deputy called to investigate an earlier incident.
gretna police were attempting to arrest digiovanni on a warrant when he fled in his truck. after a chase, digiovanni drove toward an officer.
a jefferson parish deputy was investigating reports of two people rolling "shiny objects" down a street close to a vehicle lot. he saw martes run to a nearby newspaper warehouse and followed him. martes pointed a gun at the deputy.
jefferson parish sheriff's deputies were investigating reports of a domestic disturbance. flores shot one of the responding officers in the thigh.
officers were trying to arrest vick in the killing of his brother. vick crashed his truck and shot at troopers.
ellis, who was fleeing a domestic disturbance call, shot an orleans county sheriff's deputy twice as the officer returned fire.
gaver wrestled a gun from a cottonwood police officer, shot the officer in the leg and was killed by a second officer. 
yavapai county sheriff's deputies stopped a jeep with proctor and five others inside. proctor ran from the car and fought with a deputy.
yavapai county deputies were responding to reports of a man shooting a gun at a party. blood ignored commands to drop the gun and fired more shots.
portland police officers approached bellew's car outside a grocery store and he pulled a starter pistol out of the vehicle.
gresham police responded to calls about a man and a woman fighting in the street. police said the shooting happened after officers confronted phelps.
portland police shot wiffel, who had reportedly been shooting at people in a residence. he shot at officers when they arrived.
brown, chased by suffolk county police for shoplifting, tried to carjack a car with a woman and children inside.
snyder robbed a bank and then killed a wisconsin state trooper in a shootout.
chapman, a shoplifting suspect, was shot during a struggle with a portsmouth police officer.
kelly fled into some woods and fired at florence county sheriff's deputies as they tried to talk him into giving up his gun. 
when lake city police attempted to stop the car london was driving, he got out of his vehicle and shot at them. london was sought by authorities in the homicide of an 80-year-old man in virginia.
gardner county police were called when someone heard shots. choate refused orders to drop her gun.
olathe police responded to a call about a possibly armed person at a walmart. when officers arrived, the person struck an officer with a blunt object like a staff.
a neighbor told 911 dispatchers that nguyen assaulted him. when san diego police knocked on nguyen's door, he charged at an officer with a kitchen knife.
san diego police responded to a 911 call about a man who was threatening convenience store employees with a box cutter. when police arrived, hober approached an officer and ignored orders to drop the box cutter.
san diego police were responding to a 911 hang-up call. when officers knocked on the apartment door, hernandez pointed a gun at them. the weapon turned out to be a toy gun.
jones was wanted for robbery. he pointed his gun at san diego police officers.
harbor police were called to a holiday inn after a man caused a disturbance in the hotel lobby. the man attempted to grab an officer's gun.
san diego police officers were attempting to arrest him on a warrant. he fled on foot and refused to show officers his hands.
san diego police responded to a domestic disturbance call where sisson had allegedly held a knife to his boyfriend's neck. police said sisson moved toward an officer while holding the knife.
hauser was a passenger in a stolen car that el cajon police were pursuing. after a high-speed chase, the driver of the car drove toward an officer, who opened fire.
san diego police observed a stolen car leaving a house they were investigating for drug activity. vilaysane led police on a short chase before hitting a parked car. he reversed the vehicle toward officers, who were on foot, police said.
san diego county deputies attempted to stop the vehicle weick was driving because he was sought for violating his probation. he led deputies on a brief car chase before crashing and then running into an area between two homes where he was shot.
lohman, who was on parole, fled from san diego county sheriff's deputies. he then stole one of the deputies' cruisers and led law enforcement officers on car chase.  later, he abandoned the cruiser and carjacked another vehicle. when the deputies caught up with him, he pointed a gun at a private citizen and was shot.
the man shot four people, killing one, after a fight erupted at a family gathering. when san diego police arrived, the man was holding a hostage and threatened officers.
a deputy with the st. lucie county sheriff‰Ûªs office was part of a u.s. marshals task force serving a warrant on hall, who refused orders to drop a knife.
fort pierce police responded to a 911 call from a woman saying her boyfriend was attacking her 6-year-old daughter. police found the man on top of the child, holding a knife to her neck, and opened fire when he refused to drop the knife. the girl later died from her injuries.
fort pierce police officers had stopped semer for a traffic violation. he attempted to flee and ran over one of the officers with his car, authorities said.
seifert fired a shotgun at webster and charlton county police. they were investigating a report of a domestic disturbance.
oxnard police officers responded to a call about a domestic dispute and, within 20 seconds, shot hockaday after she approached them with the knife. 
after a car chase and crash, west virginia state police officers tried to arrest oates, but he refused to drop his weapon.
west shot a boston police officer during a traffic stop.
a boston police officer and fbi agents approached rahim, who was suspected in a plot to behead a member of law enforcement. police said he threatened them with the knife.
everett police said they responded to a report that a man was harassing pedestrians. police said that martinez lunged at an officer with a knife.
at least two boston police officers were shot and critically wounded by figueroa when they responded to reports of a domestic disturbance. figueroa was wearing body armor and using an assault weapon to shoot at the officers. once more officers arrived, figueroa was shot and killed.
pike county deputies say that rooker tried to run over them with his pick-up truck.
elizabethtown police found herbert assaulting a woman and brandishing his weapon.
blough's girlfriend called elizabethtown police to check on him after he walked away from his car at an intersection. when police approached blough, he brandished a knife.
a u.s. marshals task force and tampa police were attempting to arrest anderson on warrants when he was killed during a shootout with officers.
tomlinson pointed his gun at hillsborough county deputies called to his brother‰Ûªs home over a domestic dispute. the brother was later found fatally shot inside.
when tampa police pulled his vehicle over, he fled and ran into a swamp. igbuhay held a police dog underwater and struggled with an officer.
tampa police responded to a report of a domestic disturbance. chin shot at police, striking an officer's shield.
hillsborough county deputies responded to a report of a domestic disturbance from valladares's girlfriend. when deputies located him in a parking lot, he opened fire.
authorities said they were searching a residence as part of a drug investigation involving riggins. an officer with the hillsborough county swat team shot riggins after they entered the home.
salgado was involved in a traffic accident and ran when hillsborough county deputies arrived. authorities said salgado tried to carjack vehicles and enter unoccupied houses as he fled. when a deputy confronted him, he attacked the deputy with a brick, authorities said.
hall, a transgender woman, tried to drive an suv through a checkpoint at the national security agency, authorities said. 
hamilton police department officers shot clyde as he was stabbing his father.
rock island police officers were responding to a call of shots being fired when they encountered langford.
authorities said daugherty was a suspect in an assault. after a search, an illinois state trooper shot and killed him.
a tulsa county sheriff's reserve deputy inadvertently fired a gun instead of a taser as harris was being subdued on the ground by other officers.
rosser rammed police cars in his pickup truck and fled a traffic stop. he was shot when he swerved to hit a tulsa police officer.
a man called 911 and reported that someone was trying to break into his house. when tulsa police responded, ramsey refused to drop a knife and threw a screwdriver at an officer.
tulsa police video showed crutcher with his hands up walking away from officers and toward his suv that was stopped in the roadway. two officers fired as crutcher reached the driver's door. police said he refused orders. the u.s. justice department opened an investigation.
tulsa police responded to a 911 call about a man who took a 2-year-old girl from his estranged wife and held her hostage. the man pointed a gun at the girl and police.
tulsa police responded to a report that a man had brandished a knife on someone who was selling a car. the man, later identified as frost, refused officers' orders to drop the knife and started to walk away.
members of a u.s. marshals task force were attempting to arrest anderson on multiple charges. anderson threatened officers as they tried to take him into custody at a convenience store.
a frederick county sheriff's deputy went to the home to investigate a report of a domestic disturbance. prevatt lunged at the officer with a letter opener.
a zion police officer shot howell twice in the back as he fled on foot with a gun he had taken from another teenager.
boyes was a suspect in the homicide of his father and his father's girlfriend. when deputies from lake and mchenry counties attempted to arrest him, he pointed a gun at them.
police said that musson was wandering through a neighborhood breaking windows and attempted to break into a home. musson was armed with a piece of glass when he was shot by a round lake police officer.
a north charleston police officer shot scott in the back as he fled a traffic stop and struggle.
police were serving a warrant for cooper's arrest in a burglary case. when officers arrived in the home, police say cooper lunged at one of the deputies, cutting him in the face and hand.
caldwell, a suspect in an attempted murder, was killed in a shootout with charleston police after a 10-hour standoff.
patterson shot at north charleston police officers from an upstairs window of his home and struck one officer before exiting the home and continuing to fire at officers.
a sandoval county deputy attempted to stop his vehicle for speeding. he led officers on a high-speed chase, then fled on foot and exchanged gunfire with them.
a santa fe police officer was searching for a suspect in an armed robbery when he confronted flores at a motel 6. he entered into a shootout with officers.
a bonneville sheriff's deputy opened fire after larsen refused to drop a .22 caliber rifle he was pointing at officers.
pottawatomie county sheriff's officers said rose burglarized a home, traded in gunfire with a 70-year-old homeowner and crashed his car after a police chase. 
bethea tried to escape arrest after a drug deal and drove his car toward lowndes county sheriff's deputies, striking one of them in the hip.
police were searching for a vehicle that matched the description of one used in a robbery of a grocery store. when a lowndes sheriff's deputy located and stopped the car, redmond got out and pointed a gun at him,
a valdosta police officer was called to a residence about a child custody dispute. the officer intervened when lozano-murillo attacked a woman. during the altercation, lozano-murillo brandished a knife.
smith knocked down a bristow police officer who was answering a call about him beating his wife and child in a field.
kimbrell had consumed half a bottle of rum and thrown kitchen knives at family members before he attacked a santa rosa sheriff's deputy with a sword.
fitzgerald and his girlfriend were sought for arrest after a multi-state crime spree that included kidnapping and robberies. they led escambia county deputies on a car chase. when cornered, fitzgerald used his girlfriend as a shield and tried to enter a nearby house.
after an armed robbery and a carjacking, police in watseka, ill., shot smith as he tried to force a woman he kidnapped into a minivan.
burgess pointed a gun at spartanburg county sheriff's deputies while officers were serving a search warrant at his home. seventeen shots were fired.
spartanburg police kicked down the door and found noble stabbing a 32-year-old woman, who later died from her injuries.
spartanburg methodist college police were investigating a report of a car break-in. police found two people in a vehicle, who attempted to drive away, striking an officer. the officer fired into the vehicle, killing simmons.
spartanburg county sheriff's deputies were conducting an undercover operation. the sheriff said mishtowt pointed a gun at a deputy.
greenville deputies were searching for rainey after he was suspected of robbing a dollar general store. when a deputy found him in a field, he was holding a handgun and fought with the officer.
corona was attacking his father with a carpet knife when tehaman county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies arrived.
reed carjacked a vehicle and then opened fire on capitol and topeka police officers.
u.s. marshals assigned to a fugitive task force were attempting to arrest selsor on warrants at the time of the shooting.
clinton police were responding to a 911 call when they found coffey sitting in a truck with a shotgun. coffey refused to get out of the truck and pointed the gun at officers, police said.
alton police officers were pursuing jimenez as a suspect in another shooting. when they came upon him, he pointed a firearm at the officers and was shot.
chicago police officers heard gunfire and saw kemp jump from a van and run, before stopping and pointing a gun at them.
wade, fleeing a store robbery, shot at a harvey police officer.
cockerham pointed a gun at a chicago police officer who was investigating a report of an armed man.
chicago police officers were responding to a call about a man with a gun. as officers confronted him, he brandished the weapon.
gang investigators in chicago pulled over a vehicle after learning that mcswain, a wanted suspect, was inside. he pulled out a handgun and pointed it at an officer, who shot him in the head.
watson ambushed river forest police and shot two officers who were responding to a 911 call. he had already shot two people inside a home, killing one.
chicago police began pursuing the car cruz was riding in after they saw someone in the vehicle shoot into another car. when the driver reversed the car toward police, officers opened fire, striking cruz in the back.
chicago police were responding to a domestic disturbance call. anderson approached officers with a box cutter and ignored their commands to drop it.
chicago police were answering a call about a domestic disturbance, where a woman had been injured. when police forced their way into the home, mccallum charged at them with a gun.
chicago police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. police said they accidentally shot jones when she answered a shared front door for the officers.
chicago police responded to report of a home invasion by a man armed with a gun. smith shot at responding officers.
chicago police were investigating a report of illegal drug activity when they encountered harris. the man ran from officers and shot at police, wounding three officers.
chicago police were responding to a report of a burglary at a vacant house. reynolds exchanged gunfire with police, wounding an officer.
chicago police said they were attempting to stop a vehicle connected to an earlier shooting when loury jumped out of the car and fled on foot. an officer chased loury and shot him during an "armed confrontation," police said.
chicago police responded to a bank robbery where a security guard chased the suspect outside. when officers confronted johnson, he turned toward them with a gun.
lansing police were called to the report of a theft at a grocery story. police chased christian, who shot and wounded an officer before he was killed by police.
dolton police officers were responding to a report of an armed robbery at a gas station. johnson pointed a gun at the officers.
neighbors reported that a man was acting erratically in a park. when chicago police approached love, he  brandished a gun and shot at officers, injuring one, police said.
markham police were trying to break up a fight outside a nightclub. police said that jones approached an officer while holding a weapon.
chicago police officers patrolling a neighborhood saw the man shoot another man outside a liquor store. police said he ignored officers' orders to drop the gun.
chicago police that raye fled from an officer who was investigating a report of a battery. raye brandished a gun, the officer said. investigators said they were unable to find a gun at the scene.
chicago police were responding to a report of gunfire. when police arrived, they saw mitchell standing over another man and shooting him.
north riverside police were responding to reports of an attempted bank robbery. lopez ran from officers and, armed with a knife, took an elderly man hostage, police said.
panama city police said sapp fired a shotgun and then pointed it at officers.
hlavinka, who had stabbed his wife, lunged at sidney police officers.
hernandez was shot while hidalgo county sheriff's deputies were attempting to serve him an arrest warrant.
pharr police officers shot gomez when he refused to drop his knife and lunged toward police.
wolfe, a suspect in a carjacking, rammed one vehicle then accelerated forward toward a new jersey state trooper, who opened fire.
cunningham came out of his house with his gun and pointed it at tacoma police officers who had been called for a noise complaint. 
galaviz robbed a woman of her cellphone and pointed a gun at bystanders. he refused an order from an off-duty tacoma police officer to drop the gun.
tacoma police said that a passenger in her vehicle was sought for arrest on warrants. when officers approached the vehicle on foot, salyers accelerated toward them.
perea shot and killed his girlfriend at a nursing home. he then led officers from lakewood, steilacoom and pierce county on a car chase. when officers stopped his vehicle, he exchanged gunfire with them.
tacoma police responded to a domestic dispute at the man's home. the man shot at officers, killing one. he then barricaded himself in his house for 12 hours, using two children as human shields. he was shot and killed by the pierce county sheriff's department swat team.
lexington county sheriff's deputies were called to a residence and found milliken stabbing a family member with a knife.
two cayce police officers were trying to arrest bryant on drug charges. he fired at officers, shooting one.
byrd, a suspect in a burglary, struck a lexington county sheriff's deputy with the car he was driving, according to authorities.
the confrontation with bisbee police officers came after a woman reported that ramirez was acting aggressively in a safeway parking lot and banging on the windows of her car.
cochise county deputies responded to a domestic disturbance call at his home. when law enforcement located diaz in his vehicle a short time later, he began shooting at them. a sierra vista police officer returned fire, killing him.
two plainclothes new york city police officers were patrolling the queens neighborhood when they encountered tillman, who had a gun in his waistband and an open bottle of alcohol. he fled on foot and reached for his waistband when confronted by additional officers, police said.
vang had kidnapped his father-in-law and was holding a gun to his victim's head while sitting in a vehicle. boulder sheriff's deputies first tried to talk to vang. then one deputy fired.
forgy refused to drop his knife when boulder city police officers responded to a report of a stabbing.
several people reported that a shirtless man with a weapon in his waistband was walking down a road trying to fight with traffic. shaffer shot at a boulder county deputy, hitting her patrol car twice. she returned fire. he died sept. 18 from his gunshot wounds.
potts shot a choctaw county sheriff's deputy and a hugo police officer and then set his house on fire and tried to grab an officer's gun.
janks, who had led authorities on a car chase that reached speeds up to 100 mph, put her car into reverse and struck three sonoma county sheriff's deputies.
hawkins took shelter in a recreational vehicle when salem police tried to arrest him outside a walmart. after a seven-hour standoff, he died in a shootout.
an oregon state trooper attempted to stop adams in his vehicle on interstate 5. he led the trooper on a chase. when he stopped, he pointed a gun at the officer.
collins fled a traffic checkpoint and brandished a gun at an oklahoma highway patrol trooper. 
dye, who had been told to get on the ground, ran and turned around and pointed a gun at a trinidad police officer.
avant pointed an assault rifle at lake county deputies, who were responding to a call about a home invasion. 
lake county deputies responded to a call about a man who crashed his vehicle into a store and tried to steal another vehicle. dorsey fled on foot to a lake, where he tried to escape using a boat. deputies chased him into the water, where he struck one in the head with a wooden oar.
patrick was shot by an oklahoma wildlife officer who he was allegedly trying to drown. the officer fought his way to the surface of the water and shot and killed patrick.
a farm worker called police when he found hanson's truck in a canal bank with several rifles. hanson fired at officers during an ensuing standoff with a kings county sheriff's office swat team.
an immigration and customs enforcement agent shot kellom during an arrest. whether kellom was armed with a hammer is in dispute.
jackson had been holding his wife and daughter hostage when detroit police officers arrived at his wife's home. jackson jumped off the porch with a shotgun and was shot by the detroit police officers.
trenton police say baker attacked an officer with a blade from a lawn mower after police tried to subdue him, first by tasing him, then with a gunshot. 
romulus police were searching for medina after he was suspected of killing his wife and another person. after a standoff with police at a hotel, he emerged from a closet and pointed a gun at officers, police said.
officers from multiple law enforcement agencies were attempting to arrest the man on a warrant. police said carey lunged toward the officers with a knife.
michigan state police stopped parent for a seat-belt violation. parent refused to identify himself and drove off, leading troopers on a high-speed chase. when he eventually stopped, he ran with a gun into a wooded area and took a shooting stance.
parker, a survivalist and doomsday planner, shot at police during a 24-hour standoff at his home. the ordeal began when parker pointed a gun at a utility worker who had knocked on his door.
chickasha police were investigating a report of a burglary when jackson pulled out a knife and refused to drop it.
chickasha police responded to a report of a domestic disturbance involving a man with a gun. authorities said that when officers found vananda, he shot at them.
christian, taken into custody by atlanta police officers investigating a car theft, escaped handcuffs and fired from the back seat of a patrol car.
atlanta police attempted to pull over a jeep traveling the wrong direction on a street. when the driver drove away and crashed,  smith, a passenger, fled on foot. he exchanged gunfire with officers.
an off-duty atlanta officer noticed rogers breaking into vehicles in an apartment complex parking lot. the off-duty officer chased him and called for backup, authorities said. rogers was attempting to flee in a vehicle when an on-duty officer shot him.
east point police officers were investigating reports of a suspicious person roaming an apartment complex. the man fought with the officers who confronted him.
rivera tried to rob a cash loan business, took a woman hostage and pointed a gun at her. the woman was able to break free from rivera, and he was shot by a metropolitan nashville police officer. police later determined the gun was an air pistol.
duke was a suspect in a home invasion robbery. when confronted by a nashville police officer, he turned toward the officer with a gun, police said.
mathena was shot by smyma police officers called for a domestic disturbance. mathena refused to drop his shotgun.
delaware state police began pursuing the pickup truck hutson was driving because it was reported stolen. when he eventually came to a stop, he waved what appeared to be a gun at officers. the weapon was a gun-shaped lighter.
responding to a report of an erratic person, kentucky state police officers shot and killed michael asher during a confrontation at a trailer park.
after a car chase and wreck, johnson got out of his car and ignored orders from wake forest police officers to drop his weapon.
wake forest police were called to runston's house for a domestic disturbance. he barricaded himself inside the home, threatened officers and then charged at them with a knife.
a raleigh police officer chased denkins on foot because he was sought on drug charges. denkins struggled with the officer for his gun. police said they recovered another gun nearby.
terry exchanged gunfire with raleigh police officers after a foot chase.
a beacon city police officer shot murphy after he fled the scene of a carjacking, then threatened officers with a knife.
holmes was stopped by a lino lake police officer on suspicion of drunken driving and the two struggled. holmes drove away in his car, and the officer fired as he was dragged alongside the vehicle.
columbia heights and fridley police encountered krivelay inside of a housekeeping business. the gun krivelay was holding was found to be a bb gun by investigators.
young was shot by prince george's county sheriff's deputies after leading them on a chase and ramming into their cruisers. 
a man began shooting at officers and motorists outside a prince george's police station, hoping to be shot by police. colson, an undercover narcotics detective, was returning fire when he was mistakenly shot and killed by another officer.
greenbelt police responded to a report that a man was firing a gun. officers said johnson shot at police from an apartment balcony.
he was shocked with a stun gun and shot during an attempted arrest by officers from a u.s. marshals service task force.
honolulu police responded to a call believed to be from dang, who said he was wielding a knife. officers said dang lunged at officers with the knife.
a law enforcement auto theft task force was tracking a van in which witchard was a passenger. when police  attempted to stop the van, its driver crashed into patrol vehicles. witchard fled on foot with a rifle and then  threatened a pinellas county deputy.
pinellas park police said that bogusiewicz shot and killed his son after the two men argued about purchasing beer. police said that bogusiewicz began shooting at the responding officers, who returned fire.
pinellas county deputies responded to a domestic disturbance call involving a man and his girlfriend. when they arrived, the man lunged at deputies with a knife and said that officers were going to have to kill him.
pinellas county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report that a man was armed with a rifle outside a residence. authorities said that when deputies arrived, eversol pointed a crossbow at them.
rials-torres used a metal pole to fight arlington county police officers called for a domestic disturbance.
gaines, who had killed a motorcyclist with his truck, was shot by a grand junction police officer after he carjacked a woman and her children.
grand junction police said the officer was struck by the gaither's vehicle.
gomez shot a lancaster police officer trying to serve a warrant and was shot by another officer.
summit county police, called for a domestic dispute, shot colley when he approached with his weapon.
twinsburg officers responded to a 911 call at his home. they found shaw standing over his son, who was suffering from gunshot wounds. shaw pointed a gun at officers.
lemmon was an accomplice in a robbery that akron police were investigating.
akron police responded to a call about ali attacking his girlfriend in a bar. after ali refused to exit the bar, officers broke down the door. police said he refused their commands and reached into his back waistband.
akron police were called to an apartment complex over a fight between neighbors. officers found one neighbor in the parking lot. hasan started to pull an assault rifle from his van, ignoring police orders.
talbott died in a shootout with state and owensboro police trying to arrest him on drug charges.
daviess county sheriff's deputies were called to investigate a burglary in progress. when deputies located a man who matched the description of the suspect, the man pointed a gun at them.
two owensboro police officers called for a domestic disturbance found anderson holding a knife to a woman's throat. then he charged at the officers with the weapon.
after a high-speed car chase, burtsfield threatened  campbell county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies with a knife.
allen was holding the knife when he charged at lyndhurst police officers in a library.
police were investigating a burglary in progress at a grocery store when they found lowery inside. lowery pointed a bb gun at the officers.
horn was a suspect in a double homicide. he barricaded himself in a closet and was shot and killed by members of the rural missouri major case squad.
madison county sheriff's deputies answered a call about an erratic man at a convenience store. he fled and walked along a highway with a gun in his waistband. sanders pulled a gun when cornered by deputies.
alabama state troopers were searching for a drunken driver who was running into mailboxes. when a trooper found hennessey in a parking lot, he brandished a gun and struggled with the officer. a huntsville police officer shot hennessey.
huntsville police responded to a burglary call at a gas station. young ran out with what appeared to be a gun in each hand pointed at the officers. officers later determined the guns were replicas.
lynnwood police sought the man regarding a domestic violence incident at his home. police said the man tried to grab an officer's weapon.
branch, suspected in the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend, shot at plainclothes officers who pulled up beside his car.
a new york city police officer saw tcherniak attacking a woman in a subway station and intervened. after a short pursuit, tcherniak attacked the officer with a knife.
new york police were responding to a report of a home invasion. edwards fled out a window, down a fire escape and over a fence. police said that he landed near officers and then pointed a revolver at them.
new york city police responded to 911 calls about a man who robbed two people at gunpoint. when police located johnson, he shot at officers.
williams, a suspect in the abduction of his 9-year-old niece, was killed in a struggle with fbi agents. the girl was found alive.
mcallister threatened his 13-month-old son with a knife and held him hostage until monmouth county's swat team forced its way into his house.
morgan, a church pastor, had a dispute with his wife in a store then threatened deputies from the lancaster county sheriff‰Ûªs department and began to point his gun at them.
the shooting occurred during a drug raid at a home. one northglenn officer was injured slightly after being shot twice during the raid.
brighton police shot and killed mesaros, wanted for armed robbery, after a prolonged car chase.
westminster police were investigating a report of a stolen vehicle. blair, the man suspected in the theft, began shooting at officers, police said.
westminister police said tucker was a suspect in a robbery. after a short foot chase with police, tucker reached for a weapon, police said.
dothard, who wore a holstered gun, talked at length with a carrollton police officer. then the officer is heard on a police recording yelling, ‰ÛÏdon‰Ûªt take that gun out or i‰Ûªll shoot you.‰Û
fischer, a pastor, and his brother were stuck in his truck in rising floodwater. as oklahoma highway patrol officers directed them out of the water, fischer knocked a trooper to the ground.
a okmulgee county deputy responded to an accident involving a truck that drove off a highway and into a pond. neuman, who was suspected in a homicide, refused to get out of the truck. he eventually exited and shot at nearby people.
oregon state police were answering a call that box was assaulting his daughter, then 23, when they found him in his driveway with a handgun.
landon, suspected of killing his girlfriend in northern california, crashed his vehicle and was shot by oregon state police.
bushey, wanted for stealing beer from a wal-mart, pointed a bb gun resembling a handgun at palestine police officers.
baca punched a valencia county sheriff's deputy after his mother called police to his home to check on his well-being.
an ennis police officer stopped ruben's vehicle for speeding. police said that ruben tried to flee, ramming his vehicle into patrol cars and driving toward officers.
quezada gomez told santa maria police officers he would shoot them after they arrived at his house for a domestic call. police found the body of a woman inside the home.
monongalia county sheriff's deputies responded to a call that cathers had a knife. she attempted to run over a deputy with her car, led officers on a short chase and then struck a police cruiser.
monongalia county sheriff's deputies were serving warrants related to an armed robbery when romanowski brandished a shotgun.
monongalia county sheriff's deputies were attempting to arrest hetrick on a warrant when he pointed a gun at them.
smillie reached for a gun as north port police officers responded to a domestic disturbance call.
fernandez fired a shotgun at watsonville police officers, who were attempting to arrest him. he wounded an officer before police returned fire, killing him.
santa cruz county deputies responded to a call about a stabbing at a home and found two injured people inside. when they located smith, who was suspected of the assault, he was armed and moved toward deputies with the knife.
midland police were responding to reports of a man with a gun who was causing a disturbance. police say littledog was shot when he reached for his gun.
ali was suspected of shoplifting from a convenience store. as a kelso police officer investigated, ali returned to the store and attacked the officer, a clerk and a customer with a walking stick.
linhart was a passenger in a vehicle pulled over by a findlay police officer. as he tried to get back in the car, he struggled with the officer.
cincinnati police, responding to the report of a woman who said she had been threatened, said hicks pointed a gun at them.
a university of cincinnati police officer struggled with dubose after stopping him for a missing license plate. dubose tried to drive away, and the officer shot him in the head.  
gaston's girlfriend cincinnati police because he was in the street waving a gun. when officers found gaston, he reached for a weapon that police later determined was a pellet gun.
hampton was holding a gun to his ex-girlfriend's head when new york police officers confronted him. a preliminary investigation reported that the law enforcement officers involved fired 25 shots. 
new york city police received 911 calls about gunfire at an apartment complex. police said that officers found a man carrying a handgun and that when they ordered him to drop it, he pointed it at them.
he became involved in a physical altercation with a spring hill police officer. the officer was responding to a domestic disturbance report at tucker's home.
a fort wayne police officer was answering a domestic disturbance call. hodge opened the door holding a gun.
a fort wayne police officer and an indiana state trooper responded to a call about gunfire outside an autozone. martinez ran behind a restaurant and shot at police.
fort wayne police were called to schroeder's home to investigate a domestic disturbance. police said that shroeder was holding a child and at least one other person hostage. police said that after hours of negotiations, officers entered the home and shot schroeder when they discovered him holding a child at knifepoint.
antrup was threatening people with a knife outside a motel, according to fort wayne police. when officers arrived, antrup refused to drop his weapon and lunged at police.
manyoun, who was suspected in an assault, charged at a louisville police officer with the metal flagpole.
dattilo walked up to two louisville police officers who were on break and swung at them with a knife.
jeffersontown police officers were called to investigate a robbery. hall refused orders to drop his gun, which turned out to be fake.
two u.s. marshals conducted a traffic stop in an attempt to take vessels, who had outstanding warrants, into custody. he pointed a handgun at them.
south lake tahoe police shot jackson as he tried to climb through a motel room window. police were responding to a 911 call about a woman screaming and crying.
officers were investigating a report of a trespassing and burglary when they heard a gunshot and saw deleon with the weapon. police said they shot him after he failed to put down the gun.
osborne was a suspect in a drive-by shooting. after a pursuit, he exchanged gunfire with alameda county sheriff's deputies.
a porterville police officer responded to a report of a domestic assault. while the officer was interviewing possible victims, ventura returned to the house holding a knife.
visalia police answered a domestic disturbance call involving a man and two women. when an officer arrived, hopper ran outside the home with a knife and refused to drop it.
bureau of indian affairs officers shot charboneau after he pointed a loaded gun at them and made threats with a propane blowtorch.
chappell led alabama state troopers on a car chase and then shot at them. earlier, her husband told troopers she threatened to kill him.
chilton county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance when they encountered robinson on his porch, holding a machete. robinson was shot when he reached for what appeared to be a pistol but was a replica bb gun.
smith was a passenger in a vehicle that led hobbs police and lea county deputies on a chase. a gun was recovered near smith after the shooting.
hobbs police were investigating a report of a domestic dispute at verrett's residence when officers shot and killed him.
lovington police received a call about lerma firing a gun at a residence. when officers arrived, lerma shot at them.
jal police officers and lea county deputies responded to a 911 call about a home invasion. officers found sauceda on the back porch of the house with a gun. he fired at deputies.
barrett entered into a gun fight with wilkes county sheriff's deputies after they were called to investigate a domestic disturbance. an officer was wounded.
wilkes county deputies were called to his home to investigate a domestic disturbance. when they arrived, burgess began firing at them.
hutchinson police responded to wilson's home after someone reported that he had confessed to a murder.  when they arrived, wilson threw a knife at officers.
hutchison police officers were called to jones's residence to check on reports of a troubled person. when police arrived, jones pointed a gun at the officers and refused to drop it when ordered.
parker county sheriff's deputies responded to 911 calls from lanier, who said he wanted to speak with deputies. after deputies arrived at lanier's home, he came out of the house and shot at them with a rifle.
when weatherford police attempted to stop tindall on a traffic violation, he fled and rammed a patrol car. after his vehicle ran off the road, he ignored officers' commands and climbed into a patrol car.
parker county sheriff's deputies responded to a report of gunfire at the home, where padron had barricaded himself inside. when parker county sheriff's deputies forced padron out, he pointed a rifle at the officers.
weatherford police and two law enforcement task forces were attempting to arrest mathis, who was a suspect in a robbery. police said that when they entered the motel room, he approached officers with a knife.
harrell, who was sought on outstanding warrants, brandished a handgun when a york-poquoson deputy questioned him about a car accident.
vanderburgh pointed a rifle out the window of the residence at madera county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies who were investigating an auto theft.
matt, an escaped prisoner from the clinton correctional facility, was shot by a border patrol agent a few miles south of the canadian border. matt had been the subject of an intensive manhunt for 21 days. 
tahlequah police received a report of two men fighting outside a house. when officers arrived, one of the men barricaded himself in the attic and shot at them.
lickteig fired at franklin police as they attempted to serve him with a felony probation warrant.
judson fled from a traffic stop and led a yamhill county sheriff's deputy on a foot chase. he jumped into a running patrol car and revved the engine as a deputy's hand was caught in the door. 
unsworth charged at jefferson county deputies who were called to investigate a family fight.
west virginia state troopers were called to toney's home in response to a domestic disturbance. he pointed a shotgun at troopers.
gaby brandished the gun when a morristown police officer saw him at a car wash and attempted to arrest him on outstanding warrants.
beaty ran when newport news police, investigating a report that he had a sawed-off shotgun, approached him outside an apartment building.
sarabia, who was holding a woman hostage, led atwater police on a chase. after a flat tire forced him to stop, he threatened officers with a knife.
mohammad was shot by uc merced police officers after he stabbed four students.
when merced county deputies went to torres's home to investigate a domestic disturbance, he brandished a replica bb handgun and opened fire, wounding one deputy.
the man stabbed a clerk to death inside a market and was confronted by atlantic city police as he fled.
two atlantic city police officers interrupted a group of men robbing people in a casino parking lot. one of the men began shooting at police, wounding one officer. another officer returned fire, killing camden.
ventnor police went to fetter's residence after he threatened his father with a shotgun. authorities said that he came out of the home and pointed a handgun at members of the swat team.
shatley dragged an ashe county sheriff's deputy with his vehicle. deputies confronted shatley as they responded to a report of a disturbance. 
police went to his home after a neighbor reported that he struck a child. the man pointed a gun at the officer.
newton county deputies shot blue during a traffic stop. deputies were trying to get four people out of a vehicle when one pulled out a handgun.
maine pointed a gun at himself and yuba county deputies, who were responding to a report that he was threatening family members.
barsnick, who was wielding an assault rifle, was killed during a standoff with the yuba county swat team. 
casper officers were serving a search warrant at benton's home when he confronted officers.
graham stole a car at gunpoint and exchanged gunfire with shasta county deputies.
california highway patrol officers checking on vrenon's parked car noticed a handgun. he fled. when the chase ended, vrenon pointed the gun at officers.
the man was involved in a physical confrontation with a california highway patrol trooper.
suazo drove his suv into a lynn police officer who was conducting an undercover drug operation.
lynn police were trying to serve outstanding arrest warrants for mcclain. he ran and pointed a gun at officers. he then tried to carjack a woman and again pointed a gun at the police as they closed in.
lynn police were serving a search warrant for a suspect in an armed robbery. dapkus came out of his apartment and pointed a gun at officers, police said.
lynn police responded to a report of an armed robbery at a gas station. police said that mcinnis came out of the store with his hands in his pockets, ignored officers' orders to remove them and moved toward police.
crandall fired shots at a neighbor and then shot at trumbull county sheriff's deputies who responded to the incident.
neighbors called 911 and reported that they heard gunshots in eagle's home. eagle came outside with his daughter and moved toward police while holding a gun and a knife.
east ridge police officers were called to an auto zone about a man with a knife. browning was found in the area with a weapon. he approached an officer, refusing to drop the weapon.
hack barricaded himself inside a home and opened fire on cheyenne police officers.
koellner ran from the scene of a traffic accident. when opp police officers found him, he brandished a weapon and began firing at officers.
smith rammed his car into a seattle police patrol car, causing it to swerve into an embankment. he fled and threatened officers with a knife when they located him.
police said burgess attempted to break into cars and steal another vehicle at gunpoint. officers said when they found burgess, there was a confrontation.
the man robbed two cars at gunpoint and led seattle police on a chase through several neighborhoods. when he eventually stopped, he exchanged gunfire with officers.
a thurston county sheriff's deputy attempted to question nelson after he ran into a wooded area. nelson attacked the deputy and attempted to steal the officer's patrol car.
seattle police were investigating a suspicious vehicle when they encountered an armed man nearby. taylor refused to drop his gun.
king county deputies responded to a domestic disturbance during which someone fired shots. deputies pursued a black pickup truck from the scene. when it finally stopped, ditullio opened the door and brandished a rifle, deputies said.
kent police officers were attempting to serve a warrant and shot a man when he came to his door holding a gun.
rodriguez was suspected in a robbery when he was shot and killed by a brownsville police officer.
loveland police were responding to a call about a man throwing a bicycle into the road. when officers arrived, ripley fled into a restaurant and grabbed a patron.
larimer county sheriff's deputies were called to a domestic disturbance. salazar had barricaded himself inside a home and taken a woman hostage. when officers entered the home, salazar moved toward the officers with what appeared to be a weapon.
fort collins police had been called for a domestic disturbance. jackson came at officers with a knife and refused orders to halt.
colby police officers were called to a domestic disturbance at dewey's trailer home. dewey, who was hiding under a trailer, fired at officers.
he went to a woman's home and violated a restraining order. he then shot at chambers county deputies and department of public safety troopers who responded.
bartow county deputies said wilson threatened them with a stick when they arrived to investigate a domestic disturbance.
brannon pointed a gun at an emerson, ga., police officer who had stopped brannon's vehicle for a traffic violation. and discovered there was a warrant for his arrest.
cartersville police and bartow county sheriff's deputies were attempting to arrest mcqueen on a warrant. authorities said he pointed his gun at the officers.
wayne county deputies were called to a domestic disturbance and found tyre shooting into a wooded area near his home. tyre refused to drop the gun.
he allegedly shot and killed an acquaintance during an argument. when confronted by green county deputies, he pointed a gun at them.
when philadelphia police entered guisherd's apartment to arrest him on a homicide warrant, he shot a member of the swat team.
two suspects attempted to rob an off-duty philadelphia housing authority police officer. the officer shot and killed whitehead.
an off-duty philadelphia police officer saw a man with a gun robbing an elderly person, police said. the officer identified himself as police and told williams to drop the gun. the man fled on foot and shot at the officer.
philadelphia police officers attempted to pull over a suspicious vehicle. police said ferretti refused to stop and drove toward the officers.
glenn went on a shooting rampage, injuring two police officers, killing one woman and wounding five others. philadelphia police cornered him in an alley after a chase.
sowell allegedly stabbed two boys, choked his daughter and attacked two family friends, according to philadelphia police. sowell was killed, police said, when he came out of a residence and abruptly pulled his hands from his pockets.
philadelphia police were looking for chisholm because he was a suspect in a shooting. when police located him, he pulled two guns on the officers.
robledo was sought by u.s. marshals on a warrant for a shooting in july. when the officers encountered robledo, he pointed a gun at them, authorities said.
martin pointed a gun at montgomery county deputies who approached his crashed vehicle.
arrone held a gun to her partner's head and threatened to kill her, according to witnesses. when dayton police arrived, arrone fled police in her truck, then climbed out and fired a shot into the air.
sides led brookville police on a high-speed chase after an officer tried to pull her over for a traffic stop. officers stopped the pursuit but then received calls that she had crashed. sides fled on foot and she and her boyfriend shot at responding officers, wounding one.
stortzum was threatening his family with a gun. he refused to put down the weapon when horry county police arrived.
myrtle beach police were responding to reports of a man behaving erratically. white refused to drop his gun.
edison was killed during a confrontation with a converse county deputy on a rural road.
ramirez was leaving a funeral when a u.s. marshal ordered him to the ground. relatives of ramirez said he had warrants for his arrest.
gerston robbed a tanning salon and stabbed another man. he was shot after stokes county police used a stun gun on him and he refused to drop his knife.
when a florida highway patrolman stopped to investigate jackson's disabled vehicle, he opened fire on the officer.
shreveport police were called to investigate a report that westly was holding two women hostage. when officers found him, he shot at police.
green was walking down the street in front of a casino carrying a knife. a shreveport police officer shot him when he refused to drop the weapon.
hammond attempted to evade a traffic stop and drove his car toward a seneca police officer, according to police.hammond's family disputes the officer's account. the department of justice has opened a civil rights probe into the shooting.
manila police were responding to a report of a disturbance. johnson approached an officer and refused to drop his knife.
officers from the dona ana county sheriff's office were attempting to arrest him on a warrant.
torres was a suspect in a robbery and carjacking. he was shot by las cruces police officers when they say he refused to drop a large hunting knife and moved toward them.
perkins told his wife he was going to shoot a neighbor and a police officer. when douglas county deputies arrived at his home, he pointed two guns at them.
roswell police and the chaves county sheriff's department were conducting a narcotics investigation when hatch shot at officers, hitting one in the abdomen. the officers returned fire, killing hatch.
nitro police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance when cook began shooting at them.
after a standoff with kanawha county sheriff's deputies, elswick emerged from his home and pointed a gun at officers.
police from south londonderry township encountered him outside a gun shop that had been burglarized. he fled into a nearby field and exchanged gunfire with police.
a powhatan county deputy was answering a domestic disturbance call at short's residence. short brandished a rifle and refused to drop the weapon.
smith was shot by a muncie police officer after a foot chase and a physical altercation.
maui police were responding to a report of a suspicious person. when officers encountered hodge, he pulled out a gun and fired at them.
richmond police officers tried to question him after they received reports of an armed man at an intersection. hargrove fled on foot, firing shots as he ran and striking one officer in the arm.
virginia state police said a trooper was speaking with brown at a greyhound bus station when the man brandished a gun and shot the trooper. troopers returned fire, killing brown. the trooper later died from his wounds.
elsmere police were called to a report of domestic violence, where a woman had been stabbed. ponce-galon refused an officer's commands to drop a knife.
a ludlow police officer stopped reynolds for a traffic violation. he exchanged gunfire with the officer, who was wounded.
casillas sped away after police attempted to stop the car he was driving. when fresno police caught up with him, he fled on foot and threatened an officer with the pipe.
fresno police responded to a report of a disturbance. when officers arrived, they saw perez inside the residence stabbing a woman.
fresno police said that when they approached gonzalez he ran from officers. police said they shot him when he reached for a gun in his waistband. some witnesses said he was attempting to discard the weapon.
clovis police were trying to serve smith warrants for theft and burglary. police said he fled in a vehicle and drove toward two officers.
fresno county sheriff's deputies sought the man on homicide charges. he exchanged gunfire with deputies.
a mineral county deputy confronted keckhafer for being intoxicated in his suv near a county fair. he drove away and toward another deputy, who opened fire.
clark was involved in a fight outside a restaurant. when an off-duty greenville police officer intervened and identified himself, clark shot at him.
brookshire police were responding to neighbors' reports of a fight between burr and his brother. he shot at his brother and at an officer.
palmer drove away from a traffic stop and opened fire on dorchester county deputies who pursued him.
spokane police followed him home because he was suspected of stealing a car. after a brief standoff, he came out of his residence and fired at officers.
a healdton police officer responded to a domestic disturbance call. wardlow tried to hit the officer and took his taser, pointing it at the officer.
bonner county deputies and sandpoint police shot alarcon while investigating a call that led them to the house. alarcon had fired twice at officers.
authorities were searching for shull  based on an arrest warrant for aggravated assault. he shot and wounded two troopers who found him at a gas station.
ector county sheriff's deputies were responding to a domestic disturbance call. he fled the scene in a truck and led deputies on a chase.  when he stopped, he exited his vehicle with a machete and charged at deputies.
two odessa police officers were attempting to a arrest a man on a warrant when another man at the hotel began fighting with officers. police said he pointed a gun at officers.
toledo police suspected marshall was driving a stolen car. he led them on a brief chase, hid inside a vacant house and fatally shot a police dog.
after a standoff with u.s. marshals and staten island police, tyree shot a firefighter. he was killed as he exited his home, firing at officers.
boerne police officers, called for a reported disturbance at an apartment complex, shot gonzalez as he was waving his gun. he had refused orders to drop it.
anderson, a bank robbery suspect, led police and state troopers on a high-speed car chase. he crashed his car, then charged at police.
pope exchanged gunfire with a carson city police officer called to a domestic disturbance. both men died. 
carson city sheriff's deputies and a nevada highway patrol trooper responded to reports of a man with a shotgun at an apartment complex. when officers arrived, simpson refused to drop his weapon.
he fired a rifle in the direction of kerrville police officers. they had been called by his wife for a violent domestic disturbance.
officers from multiple police agencies were attempting to arrest lynch on a warrant. lynch fled officers in a vehicle and then ran from them on foot. a kerrville police officer shot and killed him.
ransom led authorities on a high-speed chase, shot at troy police and crashed his car. he pointed a gun at the bloomfield hills officer who shot him.
an fbi task force was conducting an undercover operation at a hotel. bentley, a fugitive from kentucky, exchanged gunfire with an officer. bentley shot the officer, who was wearing body armor, in the chest.
itasca sheriff's deputies were responding to a domestic disturbance call. schneider confronted deputies with a shotgun.
troy police officers were pursuing faison because he matched the description of a suspect in a carjacking. he fled on foot and exchanged gunfire with officers, wounding two of them.
king george county deputies responded to a domestic disturbance call at morgan's home, where he had barricaded himself in his room. when deputies broke down his door, morgan approached them with a knife.
tompkins led an arab police officer and marshall county deputy on a chase in a stolen vehicle. when the officers located him, he opened fire, wounding the arab officer.
authorities received reports that a man was shooting from a truck at other motorists. when they located the vehicle that matched the description, blackmon led deputies on a chase, firing at officers.
brick township police received a call from a man who said he was going to create a disturbance. when officers arrived, hoffman approached officers with what appeared to be a handgun.
laniado barricaded himself in his trailer after police arrived to arrest his girlfriend. when members of the ocean county regional swat team entered the home, he moved toward officers with a knife.
fennell's wife called 911 because he was acting erratically and she heard gunfire in the basement of their home. local police and the ocean county swat team responded. officers said that fennell fled into the woods with a handgun.
archdale police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. when they arrived, gross pointed a gun at them.
smith walked into a courthouse, pulled out a knife and slashed a chester county sheriff's deputy.
sweatt attacked a sumner county deputy with an ax when he was serving her with an eviction notice. authorities said that sweatt then had another altercation with a gallatin police officer who arrived at the home.
hamilton county deputies were responding to a call about a domestic disturbance at pickard's home. pickard fled in his car, crashed and then brandished a gun.
hosea held his son hostage inside a camper. when shelbyville officers entered, he pointed a gun at one of them.
new york police were conducting an undercover gun sting operation. when the suspect pointed a gun at an officer's head, the officer opened fire. he shot the suspect and accidentally killed kumi, who was a bystander.
new york police tried to pull over the car espinal was driving and he fled, leading police on a chase. he crashed and then ran into a wooded area.
williams left a suspicious package at one bank and threatened a customer while robbing a second bank. after the robbery, williams exchanged gunfire with bluefield police officers outside the bank.
task force officers came to arrest evans for selling a sawed-off shotgun. a shot from inside his house wounded an agent from bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. 
carlsbad police and eddy county deputies were attempting to arrest chavez on a warrant for possessing explosives and guns as a felon. officers shot chavez after he fled in his vehicle and struck a police vehicle.
artesia police responded to a 911 call about gunfire. officers located duran armed with two guns.
an indiana state trooper and an officer from the west baden police department were responding to a report that damiani was strangling his wife. when officers arrived, he charged at them with a metal pipe.
a hoopa valley tribal police officer was pursuing kelley  after he shot another man and stole his motorcycle. when the chase ended, kelley opened fire on the officer.
o'quinn shot a california highway patrol officer during a traffic stop.
durham police were canvassing a neighborhood as part of an investigation into a recent spike in the area in violent crime. as officers spoke with clark, a struggle erupted, police said.
perry, a homicide suspect, shot at virginia beach officers who approached a car. police returned fire, killing perry and the car driver, india kager.
kager was driving a car in which a homicide suspect was the passenger. when virginia beach police approached the car while it was parked at a convenience store, the suspect, delano perry, began shooting at officers.  police returned fire, killing perry and kager.
alaska state troopers stopped the truck vent was driving because it had been reported stolen. he wouldn't exit the truck and brandished a gun.
alaska state troopers tried to stop perdue's car when he failed to signal a turn. he led them on a chase and shot at the officers.
fairbanks police responded to a 911 call from a motel where richards had assaulted a man in a room and pointed a gun at a woman. police said he fled on foot as officers arrived, took a man on the street hostage, and refused to drop his weapon.
officers from the potsdam police department were called to an apartment complex on a report that a man was stabbing a woman. when they arrived, the man refused to drop his knife. 
the fbi was serving a warrant at the house as part of a child pornography raid. edwards confronted agents with a gun.
longer led chester police on a pursuit after he was pulled over for a traffic stop. the chase ended when longer crashed his suv and aimed a gun at police. officers shot him and a passenger, killing longer.
chester police stopped a vehicle that was suspected of being stolen. an officer was wounded and montgomery was killed in an exchange of gunfire.
pfleghardt robbed a bank and then fled in a vehicle. police pursued pfleghardt, who stopped his vehicle and opened fire on officers.
davis was a state prison inmate who had fled a transitional facility. a talladega county deputy shot him in an intersection. authorities have not disclosed the circumstances of the shooting.
stevens was fatally shot by members of the knox county sheriff's department swat team when he refused to come out of his home and fired at officers. 
frerichs ran over two knox county sheriff's deputies as he attempted to drive away from the scene of an alleged shoplifting incident at a sporting goods store.
johnson-shanks shot and killed a kentucky state police trooper after a car chase. when other troopers located him in a wooded area, he refused to drop his gun.
bass struggled with a st. bernard parish sheriff's deputy and struck the deputy on the head. a second officer shot and killed bass.
gladwin county deputies were responding to a call about shots fired when gary opened fire on a deputy in his car. an officer with the michigan state police, who also responded, shot gary when he approached them with a rifle.
kentucky state police were called to a report of a domestic disturbance. when they arrived, price came out of the house with a handgun and shot at officers.
dickson county deputies were responding to a call from herrell's family asking that they check on his well-being.  family members told police that herrell had a shotgun.
a st. tammany parish sheriff's deputy stopped rolland's vehicle for a traffic violation. he fled and then opened fire on officers from the sheriff's department, slidell police and louisiana state police.
greenwood stabbed a police dog and attacked a tammany parish sheriff's deputy with a knife.
a st. tammany parish sheriff's deputy shot douglas after a car chase.
harrisonburg police were responding to a domestic disturbance call at pierce's residence. he brandished a long gun and ignored officers' commands to drop the weapon.
shelbyville police were responding to a domestic dispute at wright's home. during a nine-hour standoff, wright barricaded himself inside his residence, fired several shots and then pointed a gun at officers.
sand city police officers were attempting to arrest spaits and his girlfriend on warrants in a target parking lot. a gunfight erupted; two officers were wounded, and both spaits and his girlfriend were killed.
sand city police officers were attempting to arrest money and her boyfriend on warrants in a target parking lot. a gunfight erupted; two officers were wounded, and money and her boyfriend were killed.
clark shot at seaside police officers responding to reports of a man acting erratically at a car dealership. he had been found mentally incompetent to stand trial in the past.
marina police received a report of a domestic disturbance. when officers arrived, they found a man assaulting a woman.
a texas highway patrol trooper approached mckenny after he saw him sitting on a concrete barrier in the center of the highway. mckenny became angry, leading to an altercation.
a fort walton beach police officer responded to a noise complaint. police said he encountered ford in his driveway, sitting in his car with multiple guns inside. he picked up a gun and refused to drop it.
redding police were called to investigate a disturbance involving an armed man. police said that leighty refused officers' orders to drop his gun.
mckinney police were responding to a report that khammash was holding a woman and a child against their will in his van. when officers arrived, khammash shot at them.
a grayson county deputy was interviewing him about two hit-and-run incidents. pinter pulled out a gun and shot the deputy, who returned fire.
fountain police officers were responding to a domestic disturbance call. when they entered the house, o'grady pulled out a gun.
police were responding to reports of a man shooting in a neighborhood. the gunman killed three people and then shot at officers.
authorities said that williams brandished a gun at colorado springs police officers.
moore was a suspect in a homicide. when el paso county deputies tracked him to a vehicle in colorado springs, he began shooting at officers.
walker county deputies were responding to a domestic disturbance call at a house. the man came outside and brandished a shotgun.
a ponder police officer patrolling a neighborhood encountered coronado-martinez. he shot at the officer, who returned fire.
a miami-dade police officer responded to a traffic accident involving a taxi cab that had struck a light pole. the driver fled on foot, ran onto an interstate ramp and then bit the officer who approached him.
rapid city police officers were responding to a call about a domestic assault. when officers forced their way into the home, lundstrom lunged at them.
a pennington sheriff's deputy pulled over fryer's vehicle. he had outstanding warrants. the deputy and fryer entered into a physical fight.
a kanabec county sheriff's deputy was responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. christen attacked the deputy. 
johnson was a fugitive charged with homicide in georgia. he led west virginia state troopers on a car chase and pulled out a gun.
randall county deputies were responding to a reported burglary at a home. dobbins confronted deputies when he came out of the house.
moghaddam was holding hostages at walmart when he was shot by amarillo police officers.
lago stabbed a man to death and lunged at a palm beach county deputy with the machete.
jones was shot by a palm beach gardens police officer on an interstate exit ramp. at the time of the shooting, he was apparently waiting for a tow truck.
bennett ran from a traffic stop made by a palm beach sheriff's deputy. the deputy shot bennett as he turned toward the deputy with a gun, according to the palm beach sheriff.
deputies escorted a woman to her home to collect her belongings after she told police her husband sexually assaulted a family member. deputies shot ponce after he attacked them with two butcher knives.
howard county police responded to a home after he threatened to kill someone. boitano confronted officers in the driveway with a knife.
police went to the hotel where love was staying because authorities were seeking him in connection with several bank robberies. he pointed a gun at members of the connecticut state police swat team.
montcalm county deputies and a michigan state police officer went to quay's home to arrest him. quay shot and wounded one of the deputies with a crossbow. the state trooper returned fire, killing quay.
a woman called lisle police to report that a man was attempting to break into her home. responding officers found the man armed with a weapon.
lake charles police responded to a 911 hang-up call at lau's home. as officers spoke to lau's wife outside the home, lau appeared in a doorway with a gun.
lawton police were called to investigate reports that day was waving a handgun at drivers. officers encountered him at an intersection.
brookhaven police officers were attempting to evict smith. he barricaded himself inside the residence and shot at police through a window.
the man was wanted on assault charges. he fired multiple shots at alabama state police officers and conecuh county deputies.
hall county sheriff's deputies went to foreman's home to arrest him in the killing of another man. when they arrived at his house, he shot at deputies.
ball fled a vehicle in which he was a passenger during a traffic stop by a columbus police officer. it is unclear if ball was armed when he was fatally shot.
a modesto police officer saw paredes robbing a convenience store. he shot and killed the man, who was armed with an airsoft rifle
modesto police officers attempted to stop fletcher, who was on a bicycle. he brandished a gun at police. 
thompson ran from two ceres police officers responding to reports of illegal drug activity. the officers chased him and opened fire after thompson reached for an unknown item near his waist.
ball stood in front of a woman's home with a gun and  when modesto police officers arrived, he fled in his truck. after leading officers on a chase, he returned to the woman's home and climbed out of his truck with a handgun, police said.
a stanislaus county task force was conducting a drug investigation at a strip mall. officers were trying to arrest villagomez when his vehicle collided with unmarked police vehicles and he was shot and killed.
jackson's father called the police to report that his daughter was behaving erratically and destroying his home. when the modesto police arrived, jackson met them on the street and moved toward them holding two knives.
york police and a york county sheriff's deputy were executing a search warrant. nickol shot the deputy, wounding him in the face.
a pennsylvania state trooper was attempting to stop a vehicle. singletary drove away, dragging the trooper into a median.
lopes pointed a gun at sierra county sheriff's deputies.
gossman fled a traffic stop on foot. he shot at cedar rapids police officers who chased him.
cedar rapids police officers were responding to reports of a stabbing at his apartment. officers found a woman who bivins had children with suffering multiple stab wounds.
a man on a bicycle tried to pass through a border crossing. he threatened a u.s. border patrol inspector with a knife.
kentucky state troopers responded to reports of a man walking the streets, threatening to shoot anyone who approached his home. when troopers approached brock, he made a movement toward them and they shot him. 
stacy emerged from his mobile home with a gun after a standoff with kentucky state police.
new paltz police responded to a report of domestic violence at tozzi's apartment. he barricaded himself inside and fired shots at officers with a rifle. he died of his injuries on feb. 9, 2016.
cape coral sheriff's deputies were responding to a 911 hang-up call. thomas shot someone inside the house and then opened fire at deputies.
the man was suspected of shooting and killing a motorcyclist and a person at a convenience store. cape coral police said that when officers located him in a vehicle a few minutes later, he resisted.
when an alaska state trooper pulled him over, he physically confronted the officer.
pickens county deputies were responding to a 911 call about a dispute between turner and hunters near his property. turner shot two deputies after a standoff.
brunson rammed a stolen suv into a frederick police department cruiser with an officer inside.brunson jumped out of the stolen vehicle and was shot by a maryland state police trooper.
monroe county sheriff's deputies went to keeton's home to search it as part of drug investigation. he shot at deputies who went to his door.
officers from the hohenwald police department and lewis county sheriff's department responded to reports of a robbery and a stabbing. swader exchanged gunfire with officers and shot two of them.
cook was suspected of shooting a tennessee police officer. law enforcement officials tracked him to a building in kentucky, where he exchanged gunfire with officers.
after opelika police attempted a traffic stop, tignor led police on a short chase. the shooting occurred as an officer was trying to take him into custody.
hiatt fled a traffic stop by a lee county sheriff's deputy. after a chase, she drove toward the deputy, who opened fire.
lee county deputies received a call that murphy may have killed his wife. they arrived at his house and he barricaded himself inside, pointing a handgun with a laser sight at deputies.
police responded to a verbal disturbance. a struggle ensued between christensen and an officer, who was shot in the leg. 
yantis had responded to an accident scene to retrieve his bull which had been struck by a vehicle. yantis, who was armed, got into an altercation with adams county sheriff's deputies.
marksville marshals were pursuing the boy's father, chris few. few fled and marshals opened fire on his car, killing jeremy, who was a passenger in the front seat.
felkel knocked over traffic cones at a hurricane evacuation checkpoint and sped away in his truck. when berkeley county deputies caught up to him, he shot at them.
an anson county sheriff's deputy responding to a report of domestic violence shot long. authorities declined to describe the circumstances.
u.s. marshals and west virginia police were pursuing hudson, who was wanted for burglary. police opened fire after hudson refused to surrender and shot at officers.
chico police shot sanchez while investigating an armed robbery. he aimed a gun at officers.
thomas led police on a brief chase, during which his vehicle crashed and rolled over. an officer said that as he approached the crashed car his weapon accidentally misfired, striking thomas. thomas was initially paralyzed and died from his injuries in december.
a beaverhead sheriff's deputy was responding to a call about a drunk driver. when he pulled blake over, he got out of his pickup truck with a rifle.
aiken county sheriff's deputies responding to reports of a domestic dispute shot gavin after he refused to drop his gun.
bartkiewicz made threatening calls to 911. as gibson county deputies arrived at his house, he pointed a weapon at them. the weapon was later found to be a pellet gun.
thomason, a homicide suspect, was hiding from police in a shed on his stepmother's property. he was fatally shot when officers from the gibson county sheriff's office and the milan police department opened fire.
effingham county deputies were looking for coleman because he was suspected of armed robbery. he fled into a wooded area and exchanged gunfire with deputies, shooting one.
harnett county deputies were responding to a call about a domestic assault. livingston refused to let them in without a warrant and attempted to grab a deputy's stun gun.
a leon county deputy was investigating a burglary when he located a suspicious truck driven by long. long led the deputy on a chase and then crashed. he got into another truck and rammed a highway patrol cruiser.
noblitt led whitfield deputies on a car chase in a stolen jeep. when he pulled off the road, he drove toward deputies.
touchstone approached an early county sheriff's deputy and then hit him.
manatee county sheriff's deputies were investigating a suspicious vechicle in a grocery store parking lot. smith exited the car, struggled with deputies and then brandished a gun.
nichols was stopped by a colbert police officer, who attempted to arrest him on traffic warrants.  nichols tried to flee on foot and then punched the officer in the face.
reno police officers were responding to a report of a shooting when grows confronted them.
reno police attempted to stop the the van saavedra-vargas was driving. an officer shot him when he veered into a street festival and drove at another officer.
police officers shot a man at a traffic stop. the man had been driving erratically and hit several cars.
the shooting happened when sparks and reno police officers were investigating a burglary.
corpus christi police were responding to a call from a woman who said her husband had overdosed on medication.reyna brandished a knife when officers arrived.
somer was shot by law enforcement officials who were attempting to serve her with an arrest warrant at her bail bonds business.
stone county deputies were responding to a 911 call from gullickson's wife, who said he was shooting at her. after a standoff, gullickson came out onto his porch and pointed a handgun at the deputies.
mchenry approached a ohio state highway patrol trooper who was sitting in his car. he demand the trooper get out of his car and when he did, mchenry brandished a gun.
officers from the missouri highway patrol and the dekalb county sheriff's department were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. kerns pointed a gun at the officers, police say.
sauceda led new mexico state police and jal police on a pursuit that began in new mexico and ended in texas.  sauceda  crashed his vehicle and threatened officers with a weapon.
police say jozefowicz fled on foot after bangor police officers stopped the vehicle he was driving. 
deming police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. when they arrived at the residence, they found lucero's girlfriend fatally shot outside the home. lucero pointed a gun at police.
stretesky shot and wounded a deuel county sheriff's deputy as officers attempted to arrest him on a warrant.
neenah police were called to a report of a hostage situation at a motorcycle shop where funk worked. when funk left the building with a gun, he was shot by officers. funk was a hostage attempting to flee, said his attorney.
grayson county sheriff's deputies were called to a report of a domestic disturbance. higdon refused to drop a weapon.
leiataua stabbed his cousin, who called 911. when thurston county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies arrived, leiataua was holding his 3-year-old daughter hostage.
police were investigating an assault at a bar when the suspects led police on a car chase. a gun battle erupted with officers from the oregon and northwood police departments, killing lauro.
scruggs was holding a toddler hostage and emerged from his bedroom after a 15-hour standoff and opened fire on campbell county sheriff's deputies.
daniels struggled with his mentally ill son over a gun in front of a douglas county sheriff's deputy.
stephens was shot and killed as vermont law enforcement officials searched the residence as part of a drug investigation.
beshaw, a burglary suspect, ran away from a franklin county deputy. then he turned and moved toward the deputy with his hand behind his back, ignoring commands.
hernando sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of an armed robbery at a dollar general store. deputies fatally shot hilber after he and another suspect led police on a car chase.
franklin parish sheriff's deputies were pursuing gunning because he was driving recklessly. he refused to stop when deputies blocked the road ahead of him.
lansing police officers were responding to a report of a home invasion. griffin exchanged gunfire with the officers.
homedale police went to heredia's home to help transfer custody of his four children to his wife. while talking with police, heredia pulled out a gun and fired it, prompting police to open fire.
deputies from the st. mary parish sheriff's office were called to a report of a shooting at the residence. trahan was shot by deputies after a three-hour standoff.
suffolk police received multiple 911 calls about a man chasing people with a gun. after a brief encounter, police shot the man. police later said the weapon was a bb gun.
rawlins police were responding to a report of a person selling drugs in the parking lot of a convenience store.
livingston police were called because he was making threats inside of a home goods store. when officers arrived, o'brien ran at an officer with a knife.
light, a suspect in a homicide, fled from sweetwater police in his vehicle. when he stopped, he got out and pointed a revolver at an officer.
law enforcement officers found powers, who was suspected of a homicide in south carolina, in a sioux falls parking lot. when approached by u.s. marshals, powers pointed a handgun at them.
senegal and his pit bull, kia, were shot by beauregard parish sheriff's deputies while they tried to serve a drug search warrant.
u.s. marshals were attempting to serve a warrant to maher at a residence. he allegedly brandished a knife at them on train tracks nearby.
washington county sheriff's deputies were called to a residence to investigate a disturbance. when deputies arrived, they encountered whitehead, who was armed with a gun.
geneva police answered a call about a man who broke a homeowner's window with an ax. when officers arrived, olsen charged at them with a large knife.
davis was a passenger in a vehicle whose driver led a walworth county sheriff's deputy on a high-speed chase. the deputy and other law enforcement officers were conducting a drug investigation.
a pennsylvania constable was serving meyer's father with an eviction notice. meyer's father pointed a rifle at the constable, who opened fire. the bullet traveled through the father's arm, striking ciara.
norfolk police sought the man on unspecified charges. privott shot at the officers and was killed.
norfolk police were conducting surveillance as part of an investigation. beaty was arguing with a man and pulled out what appeared to be a handgun. when police approached, she brandished the weapon at officers. the gun was later determined to be a replica firearm.
bearden was the passenger in a car that rammed a sevier county deputy's cruiser. bearden fled on foot and brandished a gun when deputies tried to arrest him.
waldron pointed a shotgun at west virginia state troopers, who were helping serve a search warrant.
west virginia state troopers attempted to stop layfield, who was suspected of drunken driving. after a brief chase, he attempted to run over one of the troopers with his car.
rainbow city police responded to reports of a domestic disturbance at an apartment complex. an officer shot fielding, who was armed with a gun, after a struggle.
gadsden police were responding to a report that a man had shot a woman. when police arrived, the woman was dead and the suspect had fled. when officers located him, he brandished a gun.
albert was holding his girlfriend hostage and threatened to shoot her. when st. landry sheriff's deputies entered the residence, he pointed a rifle at them.
finicum was part of a group of people occupying the malheur national wildlife refuge. oregon state police shot him as he resisted arrest.
the mountain pine police chief was investigating a trespassing when he exchanged gunfire with scanlon.
dillon county sheriff's deputies responded to a domestic dispute. smith confronted deputies brandishing a knife. he struggled as they tried to use pepper spray on him.
lenoir city police were investigating the report of a drunken driver. grubb attempted to flee with an officer in the back of his pickup truck. a toxicology report showed that he had alcohol, methamphetamine and prescription drugs in his system.
a collier county sheriff's deputy responded to a report of two men fighting in a parking lot of a convenience store. ruiz moved toward her with a knife.
a rosebud tribal police officer was investigating a report of vandalism. the officer tried to arrest gassman, but he resisted and shot the officer during a struggle.
lake county deputies responded to a 911 call from a woman who said she had been stabbed. outside the home, they found hirko with a weapon, who pointed it at a deputy. the weapon turned out to be a pellet gun.
willoughby police responded to a report that a man sought for arrest was inside a store. sandor attempted to flee in a vehicle, driving backward toward officers and running into a police motorcycle.
barawis was wanted for arrest on several outstanding warrants. hawaii police shot him when he drove his car toward officers.
hawaii county police stopped a parked minivan in which yanagawa was a passenger. he fired a handgun at the officers.
hawaii police responded to a report of a disturbance. an officer found the man wielding a knife.
strickland was suspected of robbing a bank. deputies located him in the woods about a mile away. after a short foot chase, strickland shot at officers.
iredell county deputies were investigating a report that people were being threatened by a man. officials said millsaps rushed at deputies with an aluminum bat.
a seaside police officer was attempting to arrest ferry on a warrant. he fatally shot the arresting officer and was killed by another officer who returned fire.
harford county sheriff's deputies were called to a panera restaurant. two deputies exchanged gunfire with evans, killing him. both deputies died from their injuries.
north slope borough police officers responded to a domestic disturbance call placed by nageak's wife. nageak barricaded himself in a bedroom. when he came out, he pointed a shotgun at officers.
catawba county deputies were conducting a drug investigation when they shot and killed valentine who drove his car toward the deputies.
syracuse police said brown got out of his car during a traffic stop and shot at officers.
roquemore fled a traffic stop by a texas state trooper. roquemore refused the trooper's orders to show his hands. no weapon was found at the scene.
buckingham county sheriff's deputies were investigating reports of an assault. perkins crashed through a window and attempted to attack the deputies.
police said that walker threatened his estranged wife with a gun and chased her into a neighbor's home. he shot and killed the neighbor and then brandished the gun at culpeper county deputies who responded.
a mena police officer approached him outside a convenience store. dickens fled on foot and dropped a handgun. he attempted to pick up the gun, ignoring orders from the officer.
commerce police officers were investigating a report of a domestic disturbance. noel showed officers a weapon they believed to be a firearm, and he refused to drop it.
an elizabethton officer was searching for dugger, who had warrants for his arrest, in a wooded area. dugger exchanged gunfire with the officer, wounding him.
alaska state troopers answered a domestic disturbance call at a trailer. kruger fired a gun and pointed it at a trooper.
alaska state troopers were called to a report of a domestic disturbance. smith lunged toward the troopers with a knife.
fairborn and dayton police went to the residence to speak with loch, who was suspected in several robberies. loch told officers he was armed and didn't want to return to prison. when he came out of the house, he was holding what appeared to be a handgun, but later turned out to be a pellet gun.
park county sheriff's deputies responded to a domestic disturbance. vilters had shot and killed his brother. when deputies arrived, he began shooting at them, injuring one.
a montgomery police officer was on patrol when he encountered gunn, who was holding a pole or stick. when the officer attempted to speak with gunn, a struggle ensued.
lyon county sheriff's deputies were investigating reports of a stolen vehicle. conti shot at the deputies, wounding one.
ashville police were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. grissom pulled out a gun and refused commands to drop the weapon.
gautier police responded to a domestic violence call. sweatt shot at officers from inside his home.
jackson county deputies were called to investigate a report of drug activity in a room at a ramada inn. the man inside the room fought with deputies. the man's mother identified him as bowman.
johnstown police responded to a call about a man holding two knives. burkhardt advanced toward officers, refusing to drop the knives.
the man confronted montgomery county deputies, who were responding to a call.
a laurel county constable shot stanley inside a convenience store when he tried to arrest him on a warrant.
authorities were called to a report of a domestic disturbance. thompson was shot by a missouri state highway patrol officer after an altercation.
port arthur police responded to a report of an armed robbery at a walgreen's pharmacy. the suspect fled on foot, firing a shot into the floor. when officers caught up with him, he brandished the gun.
an off-duty beaumont police officer interceded when york was involved with the assaults of several people. york attempted to hit the officer with a baseball bat and was shot.
bismarck police responded to a 911 call about a man threatening to shoot someone with a shotgun. when police located scott, he tried to flee on foot. he ignored orders from police to get on the ground or show his hands.
piedmont police were investigating a report of a stolen vehicle when deerman led police on a short chase.   deerman emerged from the vehicle, firing a weapon.
hudson was shot by a lincoln police officer at a convenience store.
clark county sheriff's deputies responded to a call from a resident who said a woman was attempting to break into his home. when deputies responded, mccoy lunged at them with a hammer and a knife.
pointer, who was suspected of robbing a bank, was shot by an officer after a short chase.
kolar, who was suspected of a burglary, was shot by a clark county sheriff's deputy after an altercation.
russellville police were called to the scene where a man shot and wounded a woman. responding officers encountered harris in the street and shot him.
evansville police responded to reports of a man threatening to kill people at a tgi fridays. wooters fled in a police officer's car, eventually stopped and emerged from the vehicle with a knife.
a jefferson county sheriff's deputy drove giles to a medical center. when they arrived, giles grabbed the deputy's shotgun, and the two struggled over the weapon.
a kentucky state trooper was pursuing whittaker, who was on an all-terrain vehicle. whittaker crashed the vehicle and then shot at the trooper.
briggs robbed a toll booth at gunpoint and shot two toll plaza employees. briggs then stole another toll worker's vehicle, attempted to flee and exchanged gunfire with pennsylvania state troopers.
blair fled a traffic stop by a fredericksburg police officer. as blair drove away, he dragged the officer with his car before fleeing on foot.
a pawtucket police officer, responding to a call about a crime, approached silva. police said he pointed a weapon at the officer and ran. the officer gave chase and silva again pointed the weapon at the officer, which was a bb gun.
winslow police responded to a shoplifting call. tsingine, who matched the description of the suspect, threatened a winslow police officer with scissors.
erickson was a suspect in the killing of a show low police officer the previous day. officers located erickson, who was barricaded in a cabin with a 15-year-old hostage. he shot at officers.
a north carolina trooper was responding to a report of a shooting at a night club. miller ran toward the trooper while holding a gun.
a clearlake police officer responded to a burglary alarm. melvin hit the officer in the head with an object.
jackson police were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. police said lagano was shot when he moved toward an officer with a rifle. he died from his injuries on april 5.
a louisiana state trooper tried to pull over the minivan that perez was driving for a traffic violation. perez struck a bridge and crashed. police said the trooper shot perez during a confrontation. perez died several weeks later.
an eau claire county deputy stopped mack driving a minivan for a traffic violation. the deputy learned mack was sought for arrest based on a probation violation. as the deputy tried to arrest the man, mack threatened the deputy with a taser.
oak hill police and jackson county deputies responded to a call from a woman who said that her ex-husband had broken into her home. a jackson county deputy shot and killed cremeans inside the residence.
schenectady police said that sciscm pointed a gun at detectives.
franklin county deputies were responding to a report of a burglary and began to pursue moreno, who was a suspect. police said moreno led them on a high-speed chase, shot at officers and then carjacked another vehicle. he eventually climbed out of the vehicle and shot again at deputies.
wood led a holmes county deputy on a high-speed chase into alabama and back into florida, where a deputy shot him after he began driving at the deputy.
wise, who was riding a motorcycle, was a suspect in a bank robbery. when a llano county sheriff's deputy stopped wise, he pointed the gun at the deputy.
a white county sheriff's deputy was attempting to serve whitson with an outstanding warrant. whitson fled in his truck, shooting a gun and leading the deputy on a 13-mile chase.
bard, a suspect in a mugging, exchanged gunfire with a vineland police officer.
new jersey state troopers were responding to a report of a burglary at a vacant house and when they arrived, one saw testa run from the scene. when troopers caught up with testa, he fought with the officers, brandishing a steel pipe.
when a troy police officer attempted to stop the vehicle thevenin was driving, he fled the officer and then crashed. thevenin put his car in reverse and pinned the officer between it and his patrol vehicle.
kirkham was wanted in connection with an investigation into a theft. he was shot by a johnson county sheriff's deputy when he refused to drop his weapon.
wagner shot and wounded two people who were attending prom at a high school. antigo police on patrol in the parking lot shot and killed wagner.
fayetteville police stopped the car tillman was driving because it had no headlights. when tillman tried to drive away, officers climbed into the car. police said they tased tillman and then shot him as they struggled. he died from his injuries may 9.
washington county sheriff's deputies were investigating reports that blecher was setting a house on fire. police said that he pointed a gun at the officers.
two springdale police officers stopped sutton, who was on a scooter. police said that he pulled out a gun and shot at the officers.
lakewood police were investigating a suspicious car in a motel parking lot. when barber walked up to the car, officers tried to question him. barber ran away and shot at officers, who returned fire.
after an attempted arrest and fight in a parking lot, damon got into his car and ran over and dragged a westminster police officer.
police responded to a report that a convenience store was being robbed by a man with a shotgun. officers saw the suspect, later identified as machemehl, put the shotgun in his backpack as he left. he led officers on a short chase in his vehicle. after he stopped, he was shot by a seguin police officer when he reached into his backpack.
a missouri state highway patrol trooper attempted to handcuff hobbs after a traffic stop. hobbs fought with the officer, dragged him to his car and attempted to drive away. the trooper shot him during the struggle.
wausau police were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. mattner lunged at an officer with a knife.
henry county officers answering a 911 call mistakenly went to powell's house. police said he emerged from his garage holding a gun while officers were in the driveway.
pendleton was suspected of shooting and wounding a police officer following a traffic stop. he was killed in a shootout with illinois state police and fbi agents after a  manhunt.
clayton county police responded to a report of a  domestic disturbance. police said robinson fled the scene into a nearby backyard and aimed his weapon at officers.
a missouri highway patrol trooper attempted to stop weatherby for a traffic violation. after a short chase, he got out of his truck and fled on foot. when the trooper found him behind a residence, weatherby brandished a handgun.
flagstaff police responded to a report of a man with a gun inside northern arizona university's conference center. bedonie fled on foot and attempted to steal a car at gunpoint. when officers rammed the car he was inside, he got out and pointed his weapon at them.
flagstaff police responded to a 911 call about an armed man inside a house. the man, later identified as myers, fled on foot. police shot and killed him as they attempted to take him into custody.
caseyville police and members of the u.s. marshals service were searching for gates in connection with two homicides in st. louis county. gates was shot and killed after a foot chase.
belleville police were investigating reports of a man with a gun at an apartment complex. when the police encountered brown, he fled on foot and exchanged gunfire with officers.
a sneads police officer was responding to a report of a disturbance at a residence. the officer said the woman confronted him with a knife.
rockingham county deputies attempted to stop the pickup truck that burroughs was driving because it had been parked behind a local business. authorities said that when burroughs stopped the truck, he climbed out  and struggled with deputies.
police said they received a call that a man was holding a woman at knifepoint in a museum. an oregon state trooper responded and confronted berger inside the building.
a madison county sheriff's deputy attempted to stop pigg's truck for a traffic violation. pigg pulled into a driveway, got out of the truck and then shot the deputy, who returned fire.
henson drove off from a traffic stop, and after a car chase rammed a wagoner police cruiser. police said an officer shot when wagoner made a threatening move during a confrontation.
yakima police were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. briseno-ortega, who was involved in a fight, pointed a weapon at the officers.
wapato police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance.
williams had been involved in an altercation with his wife. he exchanged gunfire with barren county sheriff's deputies.
a mobile police officer stopped the car that moore was driving. police said that moore got out of his vehicle and the officer believed he saw a gun in his waistband.
saraland police officers responded to a report of a domestic disturbance at richardson's home. he shot at officers, striking one of them in the head, police said.
the man was suspected of shooting and killing another man in a cemetery. tiverton police officers shot him after a short car chase.
ferro pointed a gun at a lafayette county sheriff's deputy, who was responding to a 911 call.
his wife called police and said grandpre had been drinking, was arguing with her and was armed. when butte police responded, the man fired at officers from inside the house.
shumpert fled on foot after tupelo police pulled his vehicle over. officers found him hiding underneath a house. police said that that when he emerged, he attacked the officer and a police dog.
hardeeville police and jasper county deputies answered a 911 call about an armed robbery inside a dollar general store. the suspect held a store employee hostage and shot at the officers and deputies, wounding one in the foot.
splunge was attempting to obtain a driver's license, but a dmv employee noticed that he was wanted for sexual battery. hernando police and desoto county deputies chased him to a parking lot, where he shot at them.
austin county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. walke emerged from his trailer home and pointed a gun at deputies.
herrera was shot after a confrontation with new mexico state police. police said herrera had a gun.
miranda exchanged gunfire with two plainclothes officers from the paterson police department, officers said.
oklahoma city police said laguna opened fire on officers when they responded to a disturbance call.
thomaston police were called to reyes's home about  a disturbance. reyes moved toward officers while holding a knife.
new mexico state police said the man pointed a gun at officers.
knox county sheriff's deputies sought mills in a child abduction investigation. authorities said he attacked officers.
ouachita parish sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance at the man's home.  when the man answered the door, he pointed a gun at deputies.
the man robbed a bank and then exchanged gunfire with fort madison police as he fled.
jackson police rushed into the house and shot wihowski. family members told reporters that the man was holding their mother at knifepoint.
bristol police officers were attempting to arrest justice on a warrant at a motel. police said he pointed a gun at officers.
kaufman county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance when they confronted the man. the sheriff's department said he had stabbed several people and was wielding a knife.
police were searching for bolster after he allegedly harassed an ex-girlfriend. authorities said an oregon state trooper attempted to use less-than-lethal force. a polk county sheriff's deputy shot him when he reached for something in his car and ignored commands to show his hands.
yuma police were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. police said she lunged toward officers with a knife.
authorities said fells shot and wounded his girlfriend. when selma police arrived at the residence, he shot at the officers, who returned fire.
johnson was suspected of killing two people in arkansas. when a broken bow police officer attempted to stop the vehicle he was driving, he fled. when he eventually stopped, he got out of his vehicle and shot at the officer's car.
two sheboygan police officers were responding to a call about an armed robbery at a bar. at the scene, officers said they encountered a man with a rifle, who refused to drop his weapon.
when police attempted to stop the vehicle minard was driving, he fled from officers, leading them on a pursuit. deputies from lincoln and marathon counties forced his vehicle to stop, and a standoff ensued.
adams fled from a traffic stop and then lunged at a franklin county deputy while holding a knife.
mecklenburg was shot after he stabbed a phillips county sheriff's deputy.
northampton county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of domestic violence at faison's home. authorities said that faison pointed a gun at the deputies.
kentucky state police were investigating a report of an assault when casey fled on foot. police said that when they caught up with him, he threw a rock at an officer and reached for an object in his pocket, which was later determined to be a beer can.
stafford county sheriff's deputies were investigating a traffic accident. they said that as they approached bonanno on the side of the road, he shot at them.
agents with the state bureau of criminal apprehension were conducting an undercover operation. when they entered a home, police say klimek charged agents with a knife.
kentucky state police said they were attempting to arrest godines on a warrant for domestic violence when he refused to stop his vehicle and fled. police said that he struck a law enforcement vehicle, then crashed into trees and fled on foot.
anderson county deputies were attempting to serve a warrant on morris for a probation violation. the sheriff said he barricaded himself inside his home and raised a gun at deputies. his mother said it was a bb gun.
partain fled from a traffic stop by an anderson county sheriff's deputy. he was shot during a physical altercation with the deputy, authorities said.
u.s. marshals were trying to arrest pirtle on a warrant. he and two others fled in a vehicle and then by foot, hiding in a neighborhood. the sheriff said pirtle shot at officers.
an off-duty ashtabula county deputy went to a residence in search of a suspect in a robbery, according to the sheriff. martin fled from the residence in an suv and the deputy shot him.
ashtabula police pursued a car that matched a description of one used in a robbery. after being pulled over, cox dragged one officer and struck another one.
a walmart employee called lenoir police about suspicious activity inside the store. police said that nivens ran out of the store and shot at officers.
caldwell county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance.
weber fled a traffic stop. when he stopped again, weber got out of his vehicle and ignored commands from a hays police officer. family members say weber was autistic.
the man led law enforcement officers on a high-speed chase before losing control of his vehicle. he then attacked an ellis county deputy and tried to grab the officer's gun.
forte was holding a pharmacist at knifepoint when he was shot by hamilton police officers.
buck, a carjacking suspect, led law enforcement on a car chase off-road and through multiple counties.
a bell county deputy stopped the vehicle the man was driving for a traffic violation. he fled on foot and then shot at the deputy.
the man carjacked a vehicle and then led officers from cameron police and the texas department of public safety on a 30-mile chase. when the man climbed out of his vehicle, he pointed a gun at an officer.
an aurora police officer began pursuing the car sekscinski was driving because it was suspected to be stolen. authorities said sekscinski drove the vehicle toward the officer, who shot him. sekscinski died from his injuries sept. 6.
two alamogordo police officers were patrolling a trailer park when they encountered moreno, who was a fugitive. moreno fled on foot, pulled a gun out of his bag and began shooting at officers, killing one.
austin police responded to a report of a domestic disturbance at an apartment complex. police said that garcia was on a balcony with a rifle and raised the gun toward officers.
albany police were called to investigate a report that a man was throwing objects into the road. when police arrived, brown lunged at the officer, stabbing him in the shoulder, authorities said.
shelby county deputies and west memphis police were searching for tenorio, who was a suspect in a homicide. when officers arrived at the hotel where tenorio was staying, he came out of his room, shooting.
a taney county sheriff's deputy and missouri state highway patrolman went to a residence to question mone about a pursuit. mone brandished a gun and began shooting, injuring the deputy and a bystander.
adan was shot in a department store by an off-duty avon police officer. he had attacked nine people with a knife while reportedly making references to allah.
decatur county deputies spotted dove driving a car like one used in an armed robbery. he led them on a car chase that ended in an altercation.
mashantucket pequot tribal police tried to serve an arrest warrant on goodale, who they found in a casino parking deck. when confronted by officers, he produced a weapon.
a cass county deputy pulled over a vehicle that had been reported for driving around in circles on the front lawn of someone's home. baier was shot after he got out of the vehicle and a confrontation ensued.
little rock police shot richards when they responded to reports of a disturbance and a man with a gun.
trinity county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of an assault at baker's residence.
richards-meyers and another man were shot and killed by newark officers as they attempted to arrest the men in connection with multiple robberies.
salaam and another man were shot and killed by newark officers as they attempted to arrest the men in connection with multiple robberies.
newark police were responding to reports of a shootout. when police arrived, upchurch pointed his weapon at an officer.
putnam county deputies were investigating a report of a suspicious vehicle. perry ran and then pointed a gun at a deputy chasing him, authorities said.
matthews was a suspect in a shoplifting incident that occurred earlier in the day. authorities said that matthews struggled with a bibb county sheriff's deputy and used the deputy's pepper spray on him.
a benton police officer responded to an argument between burns and a woman. police said that when the officer later encountered burns in the area, he brandished what appeared to be a gun. invesitgators later found it to be a pellet gun.
a wetumka police officer arrested rogers after a pursuit in a vehicle. authorities said rogers freed himself from one handcuff, climbed into a car belonging to a hughes county sheriff's deputy and attempted to run over the police officer.
a north carolina state trooper and two local deputies were driving through a flooded area as part of search-and-rescue operations. authorities said that when they encountered hunt, he became hostile and pulled out a handgun.
westlake police said that desnoyers robbed a pharmacy and then crashed into a patrol car as he fled in a vehicle.
a kentucky state trooper was attempting to serve a warrant on brewer when he attempted to flee the scene and pointed a weapon at the trooper.
benton harbor police arrived at a home after someone called 911 to report a person being held at gunpoint. residents said that nobody had called police. as officers exited the home, wimberly emerged and shot at them.
paris police went to stidham's home as part of a burglary investigation. stidham shot at the officers, wounding one.
fillmore county deputies went to youngquist's home because he was a suspect in a domestic assault. authorities said youngquist failed to cooperate with deputies, who called for assistance. a rochester police officer shot and killed youngquist after he pointed a rifle at officers. the weapon was later determined to be a pellet gun with a scope.
kentucky state police went to tomblin's home after a woman reported a physical fight and that he was outside firing a gun into the air. troopers said that when officers arrived, tomblin brandished a rifle, approached the officers and shot the gun.
bartlesville police were called to a domestic assault. police said cole was punching his girlfriend and then began to assault officers.
a georgia state trooper stopped the man's vehicle because he was suspected of drunken driving. troopers said he ran from the traffic stop and then became involved in a physical altercation with the officer and reached for the officer's gun.
salisbury police were serving a search warrant at laurent's home when he shot at officers.
a forks police officer and a clallam county deputy responded to a request to check on the man's welfare. the man was shot after a standoff with the officers.
a butler county sheriff's deputy stopped the vehicle in which clark was a passenger. during the traffic stop, clark fought with the deputy, climbed into the car and drove off, dragging the officer, authorities said.
columbus police officers observed a vehicle driving around closed businesses. the driver drove away,  leading police on a chase before crashing. an officer shot redwine, who was driving the car.
san angelo police and other law enforcement agencies were attempting to arrest delacruz on warrants. he brandished a handgun and officers shot him.
the man exchanged gunfire with montrose county sheriff's deputies.
u.s. marshals were searching for carter, who was a fugitive and had been charged with attempted murder. when officers entered the trailer where he was hiding, carter shot at officers, killing a deputy u.s. marshal.
gladstone police said that stevens was a passenger in a car stopped by officers. police said he fled on foot and then wrestled with officers over a gun. one of the officers was shot and wounded during the struggle.
ottawa county sheriff's deputies were responding to a medical call. authorities said that thelen exited his apartment and moved toward deputies while holding a knife.
cumberland county sheriff's deputies were investigating the fatal shooting of another man at a trailer when they exchanged gunfire with strobel, killing him.
a friendswood police officer was pursuing cummins after a theft. authorities said cummins turned and threw rocks at the officer.
pope county sheriff's deputies had been sent to phillips home to investigate a disturbance. he shot at deputies.
gary exchanged gunfire with elkhart police officers after a burglary. three other suspects were injured in the shootout.
hicks stabbed his girlfriend, and her child called 911. when fayetteville police arrived, he was standing over the woman with a knife. officers used a stun gun on him and attempted to handcuff him, but he lunged at them with the knife.
leland police were called to investigate a suspicious person causing a disturbance. quinn shot the responding officer in the leg and in the chest.
greenwood police said varner was holding a woman at knifepoint when officers arrived. police said he refused to cooperate with commands from officers.
medicine lodge police were serving a warrant at a residence. when they encountered herd in a bedroom, he was holding a gun and shots were exchanged.
a law enforcement task force was attempting to serve an arrest warrant at smith's home. when the officers entered the home, smith began shooting, wounding two byron police officers. police returned fire, killing the man.
calaway fled from a traffic stop made by an elk city police officer. after a chase on foot,calaway turned toward the officer with a gun.
officers from knox city and starke county were attempting to arrest newman on a warrant. authorities said that he drove his car through a closed garage door and attempted to run over one of the officers.
independence county deputies found garcia walking along a road. authorities said that garcia told them that he was armed and ignored orders, eventually shooting at deputies.
nevada county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. kirk pointed a gun at deputies and refused to drop it, according to the sheriff.
rich shot a queen anne's county deputy answering a domestic disturbance call at his residence.
pensacola police responded to a home invasion in which the suspect shot the homeowner. when police arrived, the suspect exchanged gunfire with officers.
a mankato police officer answered a 911 call placed by a hotel clerk. tuseth, who was in the lobby throwing things, attacked the officer.
"robison refused commands to surrender, made threats to harm additional law enforcement personnel, and was shot and killed in the ensuing confrontation," police said.
around 10:30 in the evening keinonen was exiting the back door of a house that had been the target of a drugs, guns, and vehicle theft investigation earlier in the day. unarmed and unthreatening, he was fatally shot once in the chest by police. keinonen and his brother had been arrested earlier in the year for a drug operation said to be county-wide. the district attorney's documented justification is a classic of its kind: http://www.deschutesda.org/files/3713/8980/2989/keinonen_01.15.14.pdf
a 19-year-old man was fatally shot thursday morning by a prince george‰Ûªs county police officer after he allegedly pointed a gun at another officer as they investigated a suspicious car.
miller killed 3 people, including his 3 year old daughter. after a pursuit with officers, miller was shot and killed.
blocker had a pellet gun that looked like a real gun. officers felt threatened and shot and killed blocker.
two patrolling officers heard shots fired, and found jones leaving the area on foot. jones allegedly reached for a handgun when officers approached him, leading them to fatally shoot jones.
police responding to a domestic disturbance call found glay, who then led police on a quarter mile chase. after a struggle, an officer fatally shot glay.
ponca city police received a 911 call that a man was assaulting a delivery driver with what appeared to be a tire iron. police said king confronted officers with a sword and was shot and killed.
police responded to a call about a domestic disturbance at a dentist office. they said the fight spilled out into the alleyway out back. when police arrived, the man was assaulting the woman in the alley. a henry county officer shot the man after he pulled out a gun and began to point it toward them, police said.
woodard was fatally shot multiple times by her former boyfriend, an atlanta police officer named tahreem zeus rana. after being caught trying to fly to mexico, rana faced charges of murder, kidnapping, and a charge of arson for setting woodard's dead body on fire in an attempt to obscure evidence.
callaway shot a police dog after refusing to comply with orders. deputies then shot and killed callaway.
knowles was acting disturbed and had a gun at her side. she made an 'offensive' movement towards the gun and officers shot and killed her.
an officer fatally shot a man after the man shot and wounded the officer.
an officer was sitting at a red light when a woman crashed into his patrol unit from behind. a young lady got out and approached the officer, advising him that her husband was trying to attack her. shortly after that, another car struck the woman's van. hughes said seon rose crashed into his estranged wife's car and then attacked her. when the officer broke them up, police said rose pulled out a gun and shot him. another officer then shot and killed rose.
a man allegedly tried to run over police with his car and was shot and killed outside the white hall walmart. state police confirmed it happened when two police officers from different agencies attempted to serve outstanding warrants on the man.
sumter police said the incident began as a domestic disturbance call at the sumter mall. when officers arrived, they say waltki cermoun williams drove off, and officers chased him. that pursuit ended when at least one of the vehicle involved crashed near the intersection of north guignard drive and miller road. at the end of the chase, there was an exchange of gunfire, and williams was killed.
police say they were searching for 30-year-old stephen joshua whitney of hilo who was a suspect in an attempted murder investigation during a domestic incident. police say whitney drove at an officer with a stolen truck, and he was shot and killed.
after pulling over a chevy suburban, officers learned there was an outstanding warrant for the lone passenger, daniel anthony riedmann, 36, and the dakota dunes man could be armed and dangerous, police said. officers tolk riedmann to get out of the vehicle. the vehicle was locked, and as they were making their demands, there were some furtive movements at which time the officer stepped back and shot and killed riedmann.
navarette was a homicide suspect with a criminal history who vowed not to not go down without a fight. in a raid led by sioux city police department's swat team, police broke down navarette's door and used a flash bang grenade to disable the suspect, who fled to the second floor. he was leaning out an upstairs window when a police sniper shot and killed him after he appeared to threaten officers on the street below. a handgun was found in navarette's waistband.
hpd says three suspects arrived at an amegy bank. hpd had a bait-armored car in place. police say batiste was nearby with a long rifle and believe he was a sniper planning to take out the armored car driver. batiste was shot and killed by police.
a chase started when its deputies tried to carry out a traffic stop. the man refused to pull over, however, and led authorities westbound into chambers county and then baytown. once in baytown, deputies say the suspect tried to hit an officer who was trying to set up a spike strip to stop the speeding suv. eventually he wrecked and then allegedly exchanged gunfire with police and was killed.
the deputies were approaching when the man suddenly jumped up between the two homes and began shooting. the training officer fired back.
ochoa kidnapped his estranged wife. officers and swat surrounded his parked vehicle, that he barricaded him and his wife in. ochoa ultimately exited the vehicle, pointed a gun at officers resulting in him being shot and killed.
police responded to a call on a man with a gun. they report that the man led them on a 26 mile chase back to his home. when he exited the vehicle in his driveway, he reportedly pointed a gun at an officer, who fired at him. the man then fired back, a shootout ensued, and he was shot. witnesses say they heard 40-50 gunshots.
nicholas and kimberly cormier, suspected in 4 homicides, led officers on a high-speed chase and crashed their vehicle. nicholas then allegedly "exchanged a hail of gunfire" with the officers, who shot and killed him. cormier was uninjured and arrested.
officers report that they recognized a stolen truck on the road and pulled it over. when they approached the vehicle, the driver, a man described as mid 20s-30s and hispanic, allegedly reached for a gun and pointed it at them. officer alton baker shot and killed him.
an armed bank robbery suspect was shot by harris county sheriff deputies. officers were not identified.
at first, it appeared, on the video, that solis was about to give himself.  solis then pulled a gun from his waistband and immediately fired at least three shots.  gibson fired back.  police said a total of 17 shots were fired
off-duty deputy constable francisco ruiz was working security for his apartment complex and encountered goodridge, unarmed and allegedly trespassing the property on which he had lived for nine years until recently evicted. ruiz says he attempted to arrest goodridge. witness david hall says that goodridge pushed ruiz away. the deputy says he chased him and there was a scuffle. he then shot goodridge twice in the stomach. ruiz suffered either scratches on his back, a back injury or a concussion. the district attorney's civil rights division is currently investigating.
the male victim was shot after attempting to flee from police by jumping over a wooden fence, and then turning and pointing a gun at the officer. the man's name was not released.
an off-duty houston police officer awoke to find three men breaking into his house, and began firing toward them and then chasing the three. one of the burglars pointed a handgun at the officer, causing the officer to fatally shoot the man.
off-duty officer witnessed two suspects beating a pedestrian outside of a convenience store. officer told them to stop and was approached by one suspect who apparently brandished a gun. officer fired from his truck.
an off-duty police officer shot and killed a burglary suspect at an upscale apartment complex. the university of texas police officer was working security at the arcadian apartments when he responded to a call about a possible break-in. the officer found the door of apartment 731 kicked in. he went inside and confronted an apparent burglar. the suspect immediately charged him. as the two men fought,the officer managed to break free. he pulled his gun and fired. the suspect was pronounced dead at the scene.
the suspect abandoned the car he stole and fired a shot at officers. officers returned fire, killing the suspect.
an officer saw baker riding his bike through northwest houston strip mall parking lot and looking into local businesses. the officer approached jordan and asked to see his identification. jordan began to scuffle with the officer and ran away. a foot chase ensued, before the officer caught up with jordan and cornered him in an alley behind the strip mall. the police officer claims jordan attacked him prompting him to discharge his weapon and kill the young man.
santellana and a young female companion were sitting in a parked car in an apartment parking lot when approached by an off-duty navasota officer and ordered to leave the vehicle. when santellana did not immediately comply, the officer discharged his weapon multiple times. one bullet fatally wounded the victim. witnesses say the officer did not identify himself, and tried to confiscate video evidence after the fact.
brown approached sheriff's car and tried to rob him at gunpoint
swiney was fatally shot by police after holding a large knife dragging his mother down the hallway. his mother was treated at a hospital for stab wounds.
a houston police department swat officer fatally shot a middle aged hispanic man while serving a drug-related search warrant. the man was allegedly pointing a gun at officers.
volunteer reserve deputy lt. jimmy rollins responded to a call from a pawnshop that stated a man "may have been casing the place for a robbery." rollins asked the man for id after he left the building, then followed him to his vehicle. cisneros allegedly "reached into the vehicle, produced a handgun from behind his waistband, pointed it at the deputy and fired twice." rollins shot him twice, killing him.
police report that they followed a suspicious car and attempted to pull it over. they say the driver appeared to reach under his seat as if producing a weapon, then drove off firing a gun at them. he led them on a chase, firing at them, until the car crashed. the driver and passenger stephanie adams, 39, fled on foot. the man was shot and killed by ofcrs. r. rivas, c. frazzini, v. zaunbrecher and r. gilchrest. the man's name may be jerry barnes.
deputies saw a van reported fleeing from a bank robbery and pursued it. shots were reportedly fired from the van during the pursuit. when the van crashed, amest and four other men fled on foot. one man reportedly pointed a gun and amest reportedly shot at the deputies, who returned fire, wounding the man and killing amest. he may have been shot in the back.
officer medina and a second officer responded to a disturbance with a weapon (gun) call at an apartment complex. upon arrival, several males identified the suspect and informed officers he was armed with a gun. the officers gave verbal commands to the suspect to remove his hands from his pockets. the suspect pulled a firearm from his pocket. the officers then gave verbal commands for the suspect to drop the weapon, but he refused and instead raised the gun toward officers. at that time, officer medina, fearing for his life and that of his partner, shot and killed the subject.
officers were called to a gas station after a man was observed firing a gun into the air. after a short pursuit, an officer shot the man after he fired at a k-9 unit.
a trooper reportedly saw a young man trying to open car doors as people drove by on a highway, or he saw him running with a duffel bag through a parking lot. the trooper drove up and questioned him. the man reportedly ignored him and then pointed a pistol at him. the trooper shot him once, killing him.
silva evaded police while shoplifting at home depot, then was caught at wal-mart. he escaped momentarily at a hospital, swimming across a pond, but the officer pursuing him shot him as he aggressively climbed out.
authorities said three men allegedly assaulted bank employees during a robbery and managed to pocket an undisclosed amount of cash. their getaway was interrupted when a houston police officer entered the bank during his lunch break. the officer, officials said, walked straight into the barrel of a shotgun as he entered the bank building. the officer struggled with one or more of the suspects then the second officer intervened. after the robbers got into an suv, one pointed a shotgun at the second officer, who shot and killed a man in the suv.
while attempting to conduct a traffic stop, the suspect fired upon a pair of officers and striking one in both arms.  the other officer returned fire killing the suspect.
deputies responded to a robbery in progress at the family dollar and observed five armed suspects climbing into a truck and speeding away. deputies pursued the suspects to a gully of cypress creek near waycreek drive, where they crashed into a barrier and fled on foot. deputies located carr and ordered him to surrender. when he pulled out his weapon and pointed it at deputies, d.j. kerrigan and a.c. sustaita shot him. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
suspect charged at officer with scissors in his hand.  officer fearing for his life, discharged weapon at suspect multiple times.  suspect was struck with multiple rounds and collapsed to the ground and died.
officers saw the suspect holding the child in his arm, continually putting a knife to the throat of the child.  suspect fled into the bathroom with the child.  officer fearing for the safety of the child, discharged his firearm killing the suspect.
according to police, saif nasser mubarak alameri was driving on the ohio turnpike when he sideswiped another vehicle and flipped his vehicle. he climbed out of his car and fled the scene before the ohio state highway patrol arrived. around an hour later, a hudson police officer found him in a nearby wooded area off of hudson-aurora road. there was a struggle between the officer and the man, and he was shot and killed. alameri was a citizen of the united arab emirates and was a student at case western reserve university.
kentucky state police say dylan m. dalzell broke into a small-town kentucky church and was holding a crowbar and moving toward a sheriff's deputy when the deputy shot and killed him.
police responded to a call of the domestic battery in which a 24-year-old pregnant woman had been shot in the abdomen. grimes left the scene but ran into officers in the first block of north kenton, where he fired a handgun at the officers before running away. grimes was spotted again in a gangway, where he again shot at the officers and was shot and killed.
chicago police say they shot and killed an 18-year-old man who was in a stolen jaguar that sideswiped a squad car and hit a parked car, injuring some officers.
the confrontation began with a fight between two patrons at the bar.  thomas mcginty, pulled a gun and shot the other man. then, the off-duty sergeant drew his service gun and ordered mcginty to drop his weapon. when mcginty did not comply, the officer shot him.
after witnessing an alleged drug deal, a man led police on a short foot chase, where the suspect then drew a gun and police shot him.
mcdonald was shot and killed after being suspected of breaking into cars. mcdonald also slashed an officers tire with a knife. he then led officers on a shot foot chase and refused to drop the knife, prompting an officer to shoot and kill him.
police were investigating a shots-fired call in the 5300 block of south king drive, and they say when they arrived, a suspect ran and then pointed a gun at officers. they shot and killed 25-year-old ronald johnson. witnesses say he did not have a gun.
police responded to a complaint of armed men near chicago's east garfield park neighborhood. when officers approached mcintosh, he ran into a gangway and pulled a gun from his waistband. when he was told to drop the weapon, officers said the suspect got into an elevated position and pointed the gun at them. mcintosh was shot and taken to a local hospital where he was later pronounced dead.
pittman was supposedly involved in a shoot out with two other men. when police arrived he was standing over a body and he pointed a gun at officers. officers fired and killed pittman.
police confronted him based on tip about "armed bicyclist"; according to police he pulled a gun after they shone a spotlight on him. he then ran and turned to fire, police fired and killed him.
officers responding to shots fired at a parade pass an suv with bullet holes and pursue. an occupant exited the vehicle and confronted an officer with weapons. the officer fired and killed the suspect.
cop returning home from shift very late at night (off duty at the time of the shooting) and sees man in nearby construction. officer approaches man, identifies himself as a police officer, sees something in the hand of the man, which turned out to be a screw driver. officer fired several shots (the officer shot himself first before shooting the victim). the victim turned out to be homeless.
police respond to report of shots fired, chase boy who matched report description through alley and into private home. he then hides under car where police order him to come out; he allegedly failed to drop the 'gun' he was holding and the police shot him. neighbors reported boy had hands up when shot.
"pedro rios jr. was walking about 10 p.m. in portage park when police spotted an object protruding from the boy's waistband, police said. when officers tried to question rios, he reached for what turned out to be a .44 magnum revolver, they said.police opened fire. rios was pronounced dead at 10:07 p.m. on the scene, according to the cook county medical examiner's office."
man threatened paramedics with knife; officers called to the scene. he charged the police while brandishing the knife and was shot after failing to drop the knife when ordered.
smith raised his gun at an officer. the officer then shot and killed smith
huff fired a shotgun, harming the off duties officer's wife. the officer then shot and killed huff
investigators believe acevedo, a 25-year veteran of the force, shot his wife before turning the gun on himself.
police responding to a report of a burglary at a motel 6 encountered brown driving away from the motel. police allege brown attempted to crash into their car, and they opened fire and killed him because they feared for their lives. police allege that brown had a gun and was a suspect in another in another crime. brown's family claims he was a bright young man with a promising future who was murdered by police. they have filed a $4 million federal lawsuit against police department.
hernandez threatened officers with knives, resulting in officers to shoot and kill hernandez.
shaw reportedly fired a shot at officers while they were picking him up with an arrest warrant. ultimately, officers shot and killed shaw.
a sergeant was filling his car at the citgo station when mackey and two other individuals tried to rob him. mackey was shot in the head and died at the scene.
an off-duty chicago police officer fatally shot a robbery suspect at a walgreens store. the officer walked into the store to use the atm machine. the officer became suspicious when he saw a female employee frantically stashing money in a bag behind the counter while a large man stood in front of the register. the officer walked toward the man, identified himself as an officer and asked the man to get down. there was a struggle, and the officer discharged his weapon. police recovered a semi-automatic handgun from the scene.
police responded to bank robbery, and found a man (kevin) that matched the description a couple of blocks away from the bank. when the police asked him to drop his gun, he refused and the officers opened fire. an investigation done after the death tied the deceased to a double murder in the same block a few months earlier.
anderson, who had faced previous legal trouble for the harassment of an ex-girlfriend, took the woman hostage in her mother's home and shot an officer during a multi-hour standoff. after leaving the residence, anderson confronted police officers who shot him multiple times.
a woman was shot to death in a home she shared with her brother after refusing to drop a knife while in front of officers.
officers received a call of a woman being threatened by a man with a knife, according to a statement from police. police arrived at the home and heard loud screams from inside the home, police said. after police sergeant and two officers forced their way inside, the 40-year-old harris attacked the sergeant with a butcher knife, stabbing him in the face, police said. harris was shot and killed.
police responded to a domestic disturbance call at which they report that valdez had a knife. when officers reportedly told him to drop the knife he approached them or lunged with the knife. "an officer then fatally shot the man in self-defense."
jenna sammons, 21, was recuperating from an alleged attack by threets and he reportedly returned to her home, shot her and killed tristan hart, 27. police responded and reportedly "found and killed him" in a nearby garage.
a sleeping horton was asked to leave the lobby of a building by two security guards, one of which was an off-duty policeman. officers alleged that horton attacked them after leaving the building and urinating on a vehicle, and the off-duty policeman shot horton after a short scuffle. horton's brother filed a lawsuit against the city in august 2014, claiming the officers were overzealous in their conduct. the shooting is still under investigation by chicago's independent police review authority.
the off-duty officer lives in the area and saw a man on the porch of a vacant apartment about 11:30 p.m. the officer called 911 twice during the incident, according to a union spokesman. he called out to the man to see what he was doing and the man replied "you don't want no part of me." the man had a bag or sack over his shoulder and his hand on his waistband, camden said, but repeatedly ignored the officer's commands to come down after he identified himself as an officer. the man turned down a gangway and started to walk away, but the officer told him there was no way out of that gangway. the man, in a dark gangway, grabbed his waistband and threatened to kill the officer while continuing to ignore the officer's demands to show his hands. the officer opened fire after the man grabbed his waistband. he died at the scene, and the officer was not injured.
a 39 year-old man who was stabbing his estranged wife outside her home was shot to death by police when he charged at them with a knife.
officers report that they approached green, who was "acting suspiciously." he ran, and they report that a gun fell from his waistband and that he picked it up and pointed it at them. they shot at him several times, possibly in the back, killing him. witnesses say that green was holding a firecracker. mother patricia green filed a federal civil suit in 2013.
according to a police statement, officers in englewood were responding to a call about shots fired when they spotted michael running down the street. they chased the teen through an alley and into the street. it was there, police said, that michael pointed a handgun toward them, and they opened fire, killing him. police later said they recovered two weapons at the scene.
johnson ran from a car that had refused to stop for a routine traffic stop. he fell and pointed his gun at police, at which point they shot and killed him.
johnson was suspected of shooting a hammond man. he was shot to death by police after allegedly pulling a gun on officers who were trying to apprehend him.
officers were called to the suspect's apartment after receiving a report of a domestic disturbance involving a "man with a gun." officers found the suspect in the bathroom, which he exited and aimed the gun at them. after refusing to drop the weapon when ordered several times, the suspect was shot and killed.
police were called to an apartment building for a disturbance. on arrival, there was a confrontation with the subject who was shot by officers.
cedrick chatman was seen driving a car suspected of being stolen at gunpoint. officers pulled him over, and saw him reach for a "dark object" and run from the car. officers pursued, and thinking the suspect held a gun an officer opened fire. chatman was pronounced dead at northwestern memorial hospital, no weapon was found on the scene. chatman's accomplices akeem clarke, 22, of the 7600 block of south essex avenue; and martel odum, 23, of the 0-100 block of east 69th street, were charged with his murder, as well as two counts of felony robbery and one count of felony vehicular hijacking.
a hattiesburg police officer spotted someone driving down the road who appeared to be a suspect in a burglary and credit card fraud, police said. when the officers attempted to stop him, he fled. harmon's vehicle eventually was stopped, and he fled on foot. he allegedly fired shots at the officer in pursuit, who shot and killed him.
county police responding to a domestic violence call found burch inside, wielding a long gun. burch refused to obey police commands to drop his weapon, the situation escalated, and burch was shot and killed.
police said they received a call from a woman who said her ex-boyfriend had broken into her apartment. when she walked in, he put a gun to head, then went past her and fired a round, stepped back and pointed the gun at her head. she got out safely, but he barricaded himself inside. for several hours, negotiators tried to convince the man to surrender. when he came out of the building, he pointed a gun at officers. three swat officers responded by each firing a single shot, killing him.
one of the officers spotted the suspect and began chasing him. that's when the officer fired at least once shot. the second officer -- coming from a different direction -- also spotted the man and fired her weapon. her shot hit the suspect, killing him.
police were serving a warrant on a homicide suspect when he reached for his gun, resulting in a deputy shooting him.
eastman tried to break into a car. when officers approached eastman, he fired a gun at them. officers then shot and killed eastman.
officers joseph gorena and juan hernandez responded to a call from fidencio soto, 39, who stated that hernandez had shot him in the head (non-lethal injury). police say that when they arrived, hernandez, wheelchair bound from being shot by police at 16, refused to put his hands up and pointed his loaded, cocked handgun at them. they shot him several times in the torso.
vawter advanced toward an officer with a knife, resulting in the officer shooting and killing her.
police were chasing a male suspect from a robbery. the man then drove the wrong way on the loop 410 access road and wrecked into multiple cars. an officer chased the man on foot down culebra road. the officer was hit by a vehicle while chasing the suspect but still managed to continue. the officer was involved in a physical exchange with the suspect before he fired two shots and killed him.
jones was the passenger in a car involved in a minor accident in a drive-through restaurant, exited the vehicle, and attempted to run away. an off-duty but uniformed sapd officer working security shot him in the back on the claim that jones had a weapon. many witnesses dispute the officer's account.
jones allegedly threatened and yelled at officers responding to calls of family violence from jones's apartment. one officer shot jones, who was carrying three large knives, and was taken to a nearby hospital where he later died.
jackson was shot and killed by an off-duty sheriff's deputy after a minor car collision escalated into shooting. jackson was unarmed at the time of the shooting. the deputy was indicted for murder in february 2014.
officers responded to a call at a food mart of a man acting strange. he proceeded to drive away in a police cruiser and was chased by police until he crashed, exited the vehicle and charged an officer, who fired at him, killing him.
officers called to the scene for a family disturbance, suspect was being aggressive towards his parents. taken into yard by two officers, as they searched him, he pulls gun, fires it. officer inside house ran out and fired.
officers responded to a report of an argument between two men. howard was apparently holding the other man against his will in a duplex apartment. after police arrived, howard came out holding a weapon and refused to put it down. officers shot and killed him.
a deputy was attempting to stop a stole vehicle. the suspect wrecked as he was fleeing, opened fire on the deputy, wounding him, and stole his vehicle. sapd later caught up with him at a trailer park. they exchanged gunfire, and mata was shot and killed.
a deputy pulled over coale because he was driving a vehicle deputies had been looking for in connection to a stabbing earlier in the day, police said. one of the deputies was outside his patrol unit when coale tried to run over him. he was shot and killed.
rosales fatally shot an nypd sgt. paul tuozzolo and wounded a second officer as police approached his car. he was killed in a barrage of police bullets.
police began pursuing torres after he allegedly robbed a man at an atm at gunpoint. torres fled into a nearby apartment building, and was shot after grappling with an officer.
police responding to calls of shots fired were fired upon by a 26-year-old man. after attempting to flee, a total of six officers fired 17 times at the man, who was pronounced dead at the scene.
shaaliver douse, a 14-year-old black male, was killed by nypd officers after shooting at another man in south bronx. douse was only shot once. he had other run ins with the law, one of which was attempted murder in may, two miles away from where douse was shot by the nypd officer.
deputies responded to a reported shooting after a what was first believed to be a possible break-in at the home. details are unavailable as to what prompted the killing.
cueva allegedly stabbed a woman, possibly his estranged wife, as she drove him to the chatsworth courthouse. he was wielding a knife when he was shot and killed by a deputy.
a police deputy fatally shot costa after the 21-year-old threatened and then attacked a deputy using his fists.
police said de luca's pickup apparently hit a palm tree on the sand near a parking lot. police said de luca was uncooperative and told them he had a handgun. officers shot and killed de luca after using a taser stun gun on him, which was ineffective.
deluca was involved in a car accident. police responded to scene and deluca was uncooperative with officers and told them he had a handgun. officers were involved in a confrontation with deluca and shot him after using a taser on him was ineffective.
deputies responded to a report of a suspicious person in a vehicle. houfek sped off, leadå_ing offiå_cers on a brief vehiå_cle chase. houfek soon stopped his vehiå_cle and exited it with a handå_gun. the purå_suå_ing deputies fired at houfek after he allegedly pointed it at them, fatally woundå_ing him.
police responded to a call about a man with a gun at mountain vista elementary school, which included a description and license plate number. they did not find the suspect on the scene but tracked him through his vehicle to his home. they arrived to find him in his yard with a gun, which he refused to drop, and fired killing a dog nearby. a deputy fired, hitting å_and killing jimenez.
suspect was observed riding a motorcycle, speeding on the southbound side of old pacific coast highway. officers pursued keiper onto hobson road and then padre juan canyon road, where he crashed down an embankment. california highway patrol officers michael trenery and frank paramo feared for their lives, and shot keiper. shooting was ruled justified.
michael vance was wanted in the shootings of two oklahoma police officers and in connection with the deaths of two relatives. he was killed in a shootout after being found near the western oklahoma town of hammon.
police responded to a call about multiple shots fired. police found the man and there was an exchange of gunfire. the man was killed.
county deputies responded to a man-with-a-gun call. they found villarreal on his own property, in a pickup, agitated and freshly informed that his wife filed for divorce. at some point villarreal left the vehicle with a handgun and reportedly fired a shot. officers returned fire and killed him.
a boston police officer shot and killed a man who allegedly lunged at officers with knives. the shooting took place after police received a 911 call from a woman who said she was being assaulted by her boyfriend at 77 lenox st. in the south end. the officers attempted to place the suspect under arrest, at which time the suspect armed himself with multiple knives and lunged at the officers. one of the officers discharged his weapon striking and killing the suspect.
dookhran, with a significant criminal record, was one of two people detained by "two plainclothes officers of a youth violence strike force". according to police dookhran turned and ran, then pulled out a semi-automatic weapon and fired at officers, wounding one in the arm. officers returned fire and shot him dead.
boston drug control unit officers harry jean and terry cotton were observing two men. an alleged shootout between officers and the men ensued. both officers were wounded by gunfire, and one of the men was shot to death.
police responded to willowwood street in dorchester, where there were reports a man had a gun and was shooting. when officers approached the man in his car, he fired at them, police said. police returned fire and the man was shot and killed.
seattle police fatally shot taylor after encountering a fight near the jungle as city crews were moving out the last remaining residents of the troubled homeless camp.
local police were called to the johnston residence multiple times, ultimately finding johnston outside with a rifle in hand. he retreated into the house but the re-emerged and started a firefight with officers, which he lost. neighbors were at a loss to reconcile the seemingly affable johnston they knew with the heavily armed man in a house with an "arsenal of weapons, ammunition, body armor and hardened fighting positions" that police described.
duncalf supposedly assaulted an officer and fled. he then reportedly fired at officers. officers returned fire killing duncalf. an eyewitness however disputes the official police report.
derby pointed a gun at an officer while hiding shortly after a crashing his truck. the officer shot and killed derby.
giron & 2 friends found to not be carrying proof of payment on light rail, escorted off train by fare enforcement. police support called by fare enforcement. giron refused to show identity and attempted to flee. altercation ensued, giron pulled gun on police. police shot giron. giron was a known felon with past criminal history.
spafford reportedly robbed a bank and fled. his car was found flipped. he was hiding in a yard where an officer found him with a knife. the officer felt threatened and shot and killed spafford.
davis was allegedly robbing a grocery store when officers responded and surrounded the store. after emerging from the store, davis exchanged gunfire with police before being shot and killed.
police responded to a 911 call on a man with a gun at an apartment complex. kalyuzhnyy reportedly pointed and fired his rifle at police from an upstairs window. officer brad devore fired back, killing him.
duckworth shot a bus driver several times before boarding a second bus in downtown seattle, where officers fatally shot the 31-year-old.
dennis clark iii, 27, fatally shot his girlfriend in the head on sunday night, then killed three more people at the pinewood village apartments. federal way police encountered and shot clark in a stairwell. clark retreated on foot, and according to police, had ignored commands to stop reaching for a handgun on the ground. that's when eight officers opened fire and shot clark dead.
officers serving a warrant on smith backed him into a dead-end street near his home, and fired 21 times into his car, hitting him eight times. neighbors of smith, who was unarmed at the time of the shooting, held a community meeting to voice their concerns over the shooting. an inquest jury cleared three officers involved in the shooting of any wrongdoing in march of 2014.
subject was ejected from a club, after which he returned and shot two people, including his girlfriend. when responding officers contacted him as he was leaving, shots were exchanged and subject was killed.
shackleford was a suspect in fatal shooting. he was shot and killed as he exited a building firing a gun he pointed at law enforcement officers, police said.
u.s. marshals and lauderdale county deputies went to a motel to serve a warrant on eddie collins. lauderdale county chief deputy richard richey said the officers identified themselves, and the suspect fired a shot through the door. according to law enforcement, collins tried to escape through the backdoor. richey said he then fired several shots at the officers, went back inside and locked the door. police say collin's was a fugitive from florida and was wanted for firing a missile or weapon into a vehicle or dwelling and four counts of aggregated assault with a deadly weapon. he was eventually killed, presumably, by police. a woman in his room, venita keen, was also killed, again, it's uncertain who fired the fatal shot.
deputies responding to a disturbance call found campbell outside his residence, holding a rifle. deputies fatally shot campbell after he raised the rifle at the deputies, and were later cleared of any wrongdoing by a grand jury.
police claim they were forced to shoot walker when a drug sting set up by authorities at hidden valley elementary school went wrong. police set up a marijuana drug deal between an undercover police officer, an informant and two teen suspects. during the drug deal, walker shot the informant in the shoulder after attempting to rob him. that's when the undercover officer shot walker in the head and killed him.
the u.s. marshals service, fbi, and local police were responding to a tip about a wanted suspect and allegedly found meeks at a window with a gun. they shot and killed him after he reportedly came out of the window with the gun.
police were trying to arrest ayers when he was shot and killed. few details have been disclosed by police as to why he was shot.
in what police described as an undercover drug deal gone bad, police shot and killed harris after he hit an officer with his vehicle and began dragging him around a taco bell parking lot. harris was a former informant, and the officer who shot him was cleared of any wrongdoing in june 2014.
coborubio was fatally wounded during an altercation as fbi swat agents served a search warrant at his mother's home. little information is known.
police encountered an injured woman in an apartment following a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities. the man then emerged from a bedroom carrying two knives and officers opened fire, police said.
deputies gave the female several commands to drop the gun, however she did not comply. fearing for the safety of the victim, that the female suspect would shoot and kill him, deputies fired at the female suspect striking her.
when they arrived on scene, officers found a man armed with a knife. when he saw the officers, he approached them and an office- involved shooting occurred.
lapd officer responding to a disturbance call in the 600 block of wall street heard screaming upon their arrival. as they entered the unit, they observed a male suspect stabbing a female victim. an officer-involved shooting ensued. 
authorities say enriquez was shot to death by west covina police after he opened fire on officers during a foot chase, hitting and wounding a police dog.
an officer went to the home in response to a report of a missing young girl, according to a statement from the long beach police department. the officer learned the girl was inside the house with a young man with whom she once had a relationship. "the male adult armed himself with a knife," the police statement read. "fearing for the safety of the parties, the officer discharged his weapon, striking the suspect." smith-viramontes was pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
bermudez and avelar-lara were driving in a car with a fake gun and pointed it at someone. deputies were notified and when they arrived on scene bermudez and avelar-lara allegedly pointed a gun in the deputies direction, prompting the deputies to shoot and kill both of them.
bermudez and avelar-lara were driving in a car with a fake gun and pointed it at someone. deputies were notified and when they arrived on scene bermudez and avelar-lara allegedly pointed a gun in the deputies direction, prompting the deputies to shoot and kill both of them.
trejo was wanted for assault with a deadly weapon. trejo was spotted and began a slow police pursuit in which trejo pointed a sawed off shotgun at officers. at the end of the pursuit trejo pointed the shotgun at officers prompting them to shoot and kill trejo.
a school resource deputy learned that a fight was potentially about to break out shortly. soon after, the deputy was told that one of the people involved was armed with a handgun. the gunfire erupted when a deputy attempted to make contact with two people who matched the descriptions. a handgun has not been recovered.
police were called to break up a fight and, after using a stun gun and pepper spray, shot the suspect, killing him.
patrol officers responded to a domestic violence call at a home. the 911 operator said that gunshots were heard in the background. when officers arrived, they were confronted by perkins, who allegedly fired a gun. police shot and killed him.
l.a. county detectives were completing a burglary investigation when wesson, apparently unprompted, emerged from his apartment and opened fire on them. one was wounded. the swat team responded for a two-hour standoff with wesson, who eventually showed himself and was shot to death.
police received a 5:30 a.m. call about a hostage situation. walker held his girlfriend against her will for the following six hours in a bellflower apartment complex, until the girlfriend threw down her keys to police. when she went to escape, he tried to stop her, a struggle ensued, and swat members fatally shot him.
jones and the driver of the gold tahoe he rode in fled from an early-morning traffic stop, beginning a rolling three-hour firefight ultimately involving swat forces, helicopters, and a bearcat police assault vehicle. the driver was apprehened and charged with attempted murder. an lapd officer had his leg shattered by gunfire. jones was fatally shot.
responding to a "man with gun" call, police say that lopez' girlfriend ran out of her house, lopez followed, and then shot her in the back with a handgun. they state he pointed his gun or shot at them; a witness says he shot once in the air, put his hands up and fell to his knees. they "riddled him with bullets" according to his family.
morales, an alleged drug dealer, shot a deputy who approached him for "suspicious behavior". deputies returned fire after morales ran away on foot. morales died on scene.
county deputies sought cedric oscar ramirez on outstanding warrants. spotting them, raimiez fled but was caught in a residential driveway. after a physical struggle, he produced a handgun and shot at the officers. police returned fire and killed a bystander frank al mendoza. ramirez held mendoza's 60-year-old wife hostage for over seven hours before a tactical team fatally shot him.
ramirez took mendoza's wife hostage. mendoza engaged in a gun fight with with ramirez. swat accidentally shot and killed mendoza and also shot and killed ramirez.
jobel was a vandal suspect. he was unarmed but did not comply with officers. it was not reported why officers shot and killed jobel. police allege that jobel may have thrown a rock at them.
police responding to a disturbance call found kemp fighting with another man and then attempting to flee from police. kemp was caught and fought with officers before being fatally shot. residents and friends state that kemp was unarmed and shot in the back. they also state that the officer, whose name has not been released, shot himself in the hand. 
johnson was stopped by a mall security guard who accused him of shoplifting, and then fired and missed the guard. police later found johnson and fatally shot him as officers attempted to take him into custody.
aguilar got into a fire fight with a deputy. the deputy got shot and recovered, aguilar died.
police responding to an assault call found molina throwing rocks at people and police vehicles, and pulled out two kitchen knives when officers approached him. officers shot molina after he approached them with the knives.
white allegedly had a gun in a large group. an officer saw that he had a gun and shot and killed him.
ibarra allegedly shot a woman in the neck during a domestic dispute. when deputies arrived to the "gunshot victm" call, they took her away and ibarra allegedly hiding, shot at them then confronted them in front of the home. after a 1.5 hour swat standoff with ibarra holding a gun and cellphone, he "wielded the weapon in a threatening manner toward the deputies" and they fired at least three shots, killing him in the driveway. some initial reports stated he was trying to reach the two children in the home and was shot as he began to move toward the house.
after allegedly shoplifting in target and brandishing scissors at a security guard, conoscenti led sheriffs on a 30-minute slow speed pursuit to a dead end street with stairs leading to the beach. after sitting in the car approx.15 minutes he got out carrying a wooden stick and walked quickly to the stairs. police shot beanbags and a k-9 chased him as he ran down the stairs. when he reached the bottom, police waiting at the side shot him several times. he died a short time later at a hospital. in june 2014 his family filed a $10m wrongful death suit.
victim went by the name of "dougie." he got in an altercation about a shopping cart with employees of a 99 cent only store, who called 911. when police confronted dougie outside the store, he brandished a knife. police tasered dougie to no effect. officers then shot dougie multiple times, killing him.
shortly after 9:30 p.m., deputies say two men burst out of an apartment building and ran towards them. the first man who exited was bleeding profusely from the neck. winkler followed close behind. the deputies on scene apparently were confused when they saw winkler ‰ÛÏlunging at the back of the fleeing victim,‰Û lasd chief bill mcsweeney told cbs2/kcal9 reporter serene branson. deputies shot winkler four times and the other victim was shot once. winkler died from his injuries at a hospital. the other victim survived. investigators now say winkler and the man who was bleeding were actually victims of a third man, alexander mcdonald, who lived inside the apartment building.
yealu was shooting a gun at officers in the lobby of lapds west traffic division was shot by officers on april 7th. he died april 24th.
wilson broke into a house, and the owner confronted him. wilson ran out of the house and charged at deputies. he was holding a gun and a knife. wilson was shot to death by one of the deputies.
officers responded to a call for domestic violence and went to valentino's home. police says he opened fired, and officers returned fire. valentino had a history of criminal convictions including forgery, battery and burglary.
when officers arrived on the scene, barker walked from the rear of his mecca avenue residence to the front, still carrying a shotgun. he confronted the officers and there was an officer-involved shooting.
kenny clinton walker, a 23-year-old black male, was shot to death by a los angeles police officer march 6 behind a home in the 9600 block of south san pedro street in broadway-manchester, according to the los angeles county coroner‰Ûªs office.
sheriff‰Ûªs homicide bureau lt. steve jauch told reporters at the scene a man in the home reported the suspect had been inside the residence, demanding money from his mother. jauch said that as deputies arrived at the scene, a black compact sedan driven by the suspect sped toward them. jauch said the pursuit led deputies to the parking lot of the bestway supermarket in the 19000 block of la puente road and ran through the market. jauch said the suspect ran east through neighborhood backyards before encountering deputies at a residence on the corner of elberland street and abelian avenue.
a man fled after a robbery. officers found the suspect held up in a house. lapd snipers shot and killed him.
dolak, who had previously set fire to his girlfriend and mother's home, was found in the bathroom of a local middle school holding a knife. after escaping to a school field, dolak entered into another confrontation with police and was eventually shot and killed.
azusa police department officers tried to pull over a person suspected of drunk driving. the driver, later identified as aguilar, didn‰Ûªt stop the car, and ‰ÛÏevaded officers for a brief time.‰Û officers were able to find the car again and the driver stopped. right after aguilar pulled over, he exited the car, allegedly armed with a handgun and began to walk away from the officers. aguilar allegedly ‰ÛÏfailed to comply with orders,‰Û and turned toward the officers with the gun in hand, at which time, they shot and killed him.
neighbors called 911 about shots fired in gillon's yard. when police arrived, they report, gillon was "going in and out of his house" with a rifle and handgun via his backyard and that they commanded him to drop his weapons. when he exited his rear door, an officer shot and killed him. police report that he may have suffered from mental illness.
police responded to a 911 domestic disturbance call with a man possibly armed, the sheriff's headquarters bureau said. they say he did not cooperate and tried to flee "while continually grasping at his waistband area." when he reportedly turned back toward them, an officer feared he had armed himself and shot and killed him.
responding to a "man with gun" call in an intersection, police reportedly spotted mendoza walking in the street. they report that when they approached him in their vehicle, he produced a gun. they shot and killed him.
woods stopped in a traffic stop and fled on foot. he ran to a rooftop, where police confronted him and shot him to death
officers were called to the home on report of a stabbing, where they found oien armed with a knife. he allegedly tried to attack deputies with the knife, forcing them to fire. oien later died at a nearby hospital.
bandler allegedly threatened a gas company employee with a handgun, and was later found by police wielding a shotgun. officers then shot bandler, who apparently suffered from mental problems and "demons."
officers responding to a spousal abuse call arrived to find the suspect barricaded in the storage room of an apartment complex's parking garage. the man left the room holding a handgun, leading officers to shoot and kill the man.
jordan allegedly fired multiple rounds at a driver of a dark-colored vehicle near a gas station. the driver, who later reported that he did not know jordan nor what provoked the attack, fled. when officers arrived, they saw jordan walking along the sidewalk of west anaheim street near chestnut avenue. he matched the description that callers provided, the department said. according to the release, when officers ‰ÛÏmade contact‰Û with jordan, an officer-involved shooting occurred. police recovered a handgun at the scene and and described jordan as a ‰ÛÏgang member with an extensive arrest record.‰Û
after brandishing a gun at a deputy during a traffic stop, saenz led police on a short chase that ended when he crashed his suv into a tree. after a two-hour long standoff, saenz left his car and pointed a gun at deputies, leading them to shoot and kill him.
police pulled over a car without plates, two men and one woman were inside the vehicle, hicks got out of the car and was confronting the police officers, he was armed and fired at the police, then he was shot and killed.
transit services bureau deputies "came into contact" with atkinson, who then allegedly grabbed a wooden stick from a shopping cart and ‰ÛÏadvanced toward the deputies with the wooden stick, prompting deputies to open fire."
john delreal was shot and killed by a plainclothes narcotics officer after approaching the officer in a threatening and aggressive manner, police officials said. delreal reached for an unknown object in his waistband, leading to the officer shooting.
long beach police officers investigated a man who reportedly threatened to kill his girlfriend and her family in long beach. he was shot to death during a running gunbattle with police officers in carson.
ward, who has homeless, was fatally shot after walking into the culver city police headquarters and announcing he had a gun.
an unnamed hispanic man was fatally shot by police after he allegedly drew a gun on officers.
ruben ramos-escobedo, a 59-year-old latino male, died after being shot in west adams, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
deputies were flagged by a bystander who reported a "man with gun" in the vicinity. they report that they saw oliva on the street, and that when they confronted him he pointed a gun at them. deputy anthony forlano shot and killed him. oliva reportedly was not the man they were looking for, and the autopsy report shows he was shot eight times from behind. on 09/11/14 the family announced they will file a $10m wrongful death lawsuit against the lasd. they are requesting that forlano, who has shot 7 people, be fired and brought to trial.
deputies approached an adult hispanic man, who then turned and fled. the man was shot and killed after a short foot race that ended with the man pulling a firearm on deputies.
a man allegedly shot at los angeles police, causing the department to set up a perimeter to find the unidentified man. he was later found, shot and killed.
as reported to the los angeles times, dennis hakeem vasquez, 17, died after being shot in willowbrook, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
police responding to a domestic dispute found an armed 70-year-old black man, who had earlier shot a woman in the ear. police fatally shot the man, whose name was not released.
as reported to the los angeles times, patrick ortho sullivan, 74, died after being shot in vermont square, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
allison had assaulted his mother with a knife, when officers arrived they found her outside and forced their way inside the house where he was. he was armed with a knife, not obeying orders, and officers shot him to death.
police were called to allison's residence after a neighbor reported the 43-year-old attacking his mother. allison was fatally shot after officers entered the home and found him holding a knife.
sheriff's were responding to a call about a possible drunken driver on long beach boulevard. the driver was placed, unhandcuffed, in the back seat of the patrol car. he was cooperative at first, but then became involved in a struggle and bit the deputy on his left bicep before trying to grab his gun. the deputy fired three shots at the unarmed man. the man, an unlicensed driver identified only as hispanic and about 42 years old, was pronounced dead at the scene, officials said.
as reported to the los angeles times, luis alonzo juarez, 42, died after being shot in compton, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
mcafee's mother said that he called her 2.5 weeks before he was killed and said, 'mom, they're out to kill me,'" referring to law enforcement. mcafee was a member of a gang. accounts between deputies and witnesses differ between whether mcafee had a gun and pointed it at officers or not when he was confronted. he may have fled into a backyard, and was shot to death.
chavez, a reformed gang member, was leaving a funeral when he ran into police. he apparently stared at them, and then pulled a gun.
the suspect turned a gun towards deputies and the deputies fired killing the suspect.
a sheriff's narcotics team was serving a narcotics-related search warrant. deputies entered one of the residences on the property and approached a rear bedroom where they found mallory armed with a semi-automatic handgun. he pointed the handgun at the deputies and a deputy shot and killed him.
deputies responded to a call reporting a burglary in progress and found lopez attempting to escape a house. lopez allegedly confronted deputies and pointed a revolver at them. he was shot and killed.
mendoza was a passenger in a car that was stopped by deputies for running a stop sign, and mendoza told his car-mate that he had to run because he had a gun on his person. upon fleeing, he fell, and a deputy said that he saw the gun on mendoza and that mendoza grabbed for the weapon, and the deputy shot him. mendoza began to flee again. the deputy shot 5 times and hit mendoza 3 times, 2 of which were in mendoza's back and the back of his arm respectively
zawahri rampaged through a mile-long stretch of santa monica, dressed head to toe in black and carrying an ar-15 assault rifle. he killed six people near a community college campus, before being fatally shot himself by police in the school‰Ûªs library.
police were responding to a robbery, and were told two latino men were involved. as they approached the call, two latino men on bicycles were coming toward them. they stopped them, and gave them orders in spanish and english. diaz-zeferino showed up and apparently attempted to explain the situation, but police misinterpreted his motives and shot and killed him.
deputies responded to calls of shots fired and followed a vehicle speeding away. upon reaching a dead end, brown exited the vehicle and pointed a weapon at the deputies. they opened fire, killing brown.
officers spotted a known gang member carrying a revolver, according to a los angeles police department official. mejia was riding a bicycle, and pointed the gun at police. officers fired multiple shots. mejia died at the scene.
charles curl smashed the windows of eight inglewood police squad cars with a machete. as an officer attempted to contact the suspect, curl charged the officer, and the officer shot and killed curl.
police say officers saw laffitte riding a bicycle while intoxicated and holding a handgun. they confronted him, and a struggle ensued in a driveway. officers shot and killed laffitte when he allegedly pulled a gun from his waistband. multiple witnesses say that laffitte was unarmed. police say they recovered a revolver at the scene.
nim was shot and killed by the officers after he brandished a 12-inch carving knife in the lobby of the police department.
eaddy, had a knife, acting suicidal, was shot but police. he died in the hospital.
witnesses reported that ochoa was riding his bike home after buying something to drink. he had his headphones on and couldn't hear a deputy's orders. a resident reported that the deputy handcuffed ochoa, and shot him in the back of the head.
rigoberto arceo was killed by a sheriff deputy in the city of cudahy, on may 11, 2013, mothers day. the engaged 34 year old young father was returning home from a party, celebrating mother's day, when a los angeles county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy, l mendoza, ordered rigo to the ground. rigo with his hands raised in the air, was telling deputy mendoza that he did not have to do anything, when the deputy shot him once in the chest. in order to try and justify the shooting deputy mendoza is claiming that rigo was trying to grab his gun. however, independent percipient witnesses who saw the shooting, describe rigo as having his hands raised over his head when he was shot and that he was approximately 10 feet away from the deputy when the deputy shot and killed him.
an undercover detective saw what he thought was an armed robbery at a store. the suspect had a gun. he ran and was shot by the detective. universal network news posted a video on youtube, reporting the homeless man was called "kenny." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7hd8g34qnw
as reported to the los angeles times, kenneth bernard williams, 55, died after being shot in downtown, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
ramirez carjacked a vehicle. about five hours later, police caught up with him. he went into an apartment building and took hostages, before being shot by swat.
the long beach police department responded to reports of a man with a gun. after locating the a suspect matching the description, a foot pursuit began. during the chase, police said, the suspect produced a handgun, at which time police shot the man.
jefferson and his girlfriend had a fight, that he kidnapped her two daughters and dropped them off at a store nearby, and returned to the store his girlfriend was at. deputies were already there, and say that jefferson hit one police vehicle and pinned down one deputy with his car after knocking a deputy to the ground. then, a deputy shot him to death. the deputy who'd been hurt was taken to local hospital and treated.
as reported to the los angeles times, edgar villareal, 25, died after being shot in lynwood, according to los angeles county coroner's records.
officials from a multi-agency gang unit report that they were patrolling a motel when castaneda-montoya walked towards them pointing a handgun at them, at which point they shot her to death.
officers spotted a stolen vehicle and pursued it until it crashed into a garage. taylor was shot and killed by officers after he allegedly fired at them. police say they recovered a handgun at the scene.
police were responding to a domestic disturbance between a couple at a motel. the couple left in a vehicle, and police followed them and initiated a traffic stop. officers shot and killed franco after he allegedly exited the vehicle and brandished a handgun at them.
deputies and nevada highway patrol troopers attempted to stop a u haul van near interstate 80 and the usa parkway, police said. the vehicle did not stop and traveled from i-80 to northbound interstate 580 towards stead where the vehicle exited onto a dirt road on the west side of north virginia street. according to police, officers then attempted to block the vehicle. zimbelman was shot and killed.
robert william hampton iii, 33, was killed by a washoe county sheriff's deputy following a traffic stop on terrace drive just west of the wolf den bar and grill. police said hampton had three felony warrants for his arrest and had served time in prison in kentucky.
details are sketchy, but media reports say bowman was a convicted felon and being tailed by police prior to the shooting.
officers appeared to have shot the man during a gun battle that ensued after he was chased from a cvs pharmacy, where the man allegedly shot a patron and robbed the store.
o‰Ûªhandley was arrested after police found stolen property, explosives and a meth lab on his property, police said. during the investigation and arraignment, o‰Ûªhandley was cooperative. after his arraignment he was placed in a vehicle to be taken with another man to the potomac highlands regional jail. o‰Ûªhandley was placed in the backseat. o‰Ûªhandley asked the deputy to place the handcuffs in front. the deputy then moved the handcuffs from behind o‰Ûªhandley‰Ûªs back to the front. during the trip along u.s. route 50, o‰Ûªhandley attempted to take the deputy‰Ûªs gun. a struggle began while the deputy was driving. during the struggle o'handley was shot and killed.
officers responded to an apartment complex for a call about a domestic dispute. when officers arrived, a man walked out of the apartment holding a knife and a machete or saw. the officers told the man to put the weapons down. police said he started coming toward them, and they shot and killed him.
when police tried to serve a warrant to wade, she reportedly locked herself with a gun and 18-month-old child inside her home for seven hours because she did not want to go back to jail. police state that she surrendered and a swat team entered the home. they claim she pointed the gun at them. sgts. eric culver and paul humphrey, ofcr brad harris and det. michael simpson shot at her multiple times.
an officer responding to a domestic disturbance call found jolley and his fiance arguing loudly outside their apartment. jolley allegedly pointed a handgun at the officer, causing him to fatally shoot jolley.
mccraw was visiting friends in the neighborhood and had an argument with his girlfriend. officers first responded to a call about someone firing a gun. when they arrived, they didn't find a shooter or victim. so they left. about forty five minutes later, several calls came in that a man was firing a gun. when officers arrived, they found mccraw wielding a handgun. he then ran and fired a round at the police. officers fired back. mccraw died at university of louisville hospital.
deputies serving a warrant for another man found keyes instead, who nevertheless fled in a vehicle, eventually stopping and brandishing a knife at officers. keyes, who was wanted in connection to a number of bank robberies in other states, was fatally shot.
louisville metro police say an officer involved shooting near a pleasure ridge park mcdonald's involved someone wanted for a recent homicide. the shooting happened around 6 p.m. thursday in the 6400 block greenwood road near terry road. wave 3 news reporter katie bauer has learned metro police were conducting surveillance on a person wanted for the august 12 deadly shooting at crawford crossing apartments. the suspect, whose name has yet to be released, was in the back seat of a car and fired on two detectives. the detectives, both of whom were on foot, fired back injuring two people in the car, including the suspect.
runyon fled with hostage from kfc restaurant after armed robbery. shots were fired at pursuing police, who returned fire, killing runyon. hostage was not wounded.
police were searching for a man who had robbed a kroger. police say when they found porter, he rushed at them with a knife and was shot and killed.
two local officers pulled over a bmw suv for a minor traffic violation at 12:30 a.m. rowe, a passenger, dashed out of the car and attempted to escape on foot, then pulled a weapon. he was fatally shot. rowe had served 40 months in prison for an earlier similar incident.
sanders called 911 to report that he had just stabbed his mother to death. when police arrived, he approached with a rifle in his hands. three officers opened fire when he refused to drop the weapon.
officers went to morrell's house to check on him at the request of a family member. morrell was not home but soon arrived. he went around the police cruiser. officers tried to stop morrell, but he went inside. deputies knew morrell‰Ûªs wife was inside the home and thought the situation had developed into a hostage incident. negotiations started immediately. the woman eventually left the house. officers obtained an emergency custody order and deployed tear gas. when morrell finally came out, police shot him with bean bags, but they had no effect on him. when morrell pointed his weapon at one of the deputies, police shot him. he later died at bristol regional medical center.
police received an anonymous tip that the robbery suspect was at the marco xpress package store. when they arrived, bivens was outside the store, police said. they approached her, and the woman brandished her gun and three officers opened fire, killing her.
madison was shot and killed in an altercation with the police officer on friday, when madison was stopped at a license-check traffic roadblock on warrior trafford road. "according to statements issued by warrior police, madison struggled with their officer outside of madison's vehicle, and madison was shot and killed in the incident."
asuzu, a security guard at a strip club, got into an altercation with unarmed brandon cephus, another security guard. an off duty officer, also working security, attempted to break up the fight with pepper spray. asuzu shot and injured cephus. the officer then shot asuzu, killing him at the scene.
after a drug deal hinds allegedly tried to run over an officer with his car - he was subsequently shot and killed.
long ambushed and killed three baton rouge police and wounded three, before he was shot and killed.
police attempted to stop wilkerson‰Ûªs 1997 mercury mountaineer for an unspecified traffic violation, police said. wilkerson refused to stop and drove through several neighborhoods as police pursued him. two off-duty officers were trying to help other officers stop wilkerson at south eugene and louisiana when wilkerson sped straight at them. one of the officers fired multiple shots into the front windshield, striking wilkerson in the head. wilkerson died at the scene.
officers responded to a report of robbery in progress at a store. the suspect took a customer hostage at gunpoint and stole a police cruiser. the suspect crashed the cruiser at a police roadblock. as officers approached the vehicle, the suspect threatened to kill the hostage and himself. an officer fired three times, killing the suspect.
police said the honda accord jarrett was driving had been reported stolen earlier in yucaipa. according to police, jarrett was armed with a sawed-off shotgun, and after a brief ‰ÛÏconfrontation,‰Û police shot and killed him.
ramirez was being investigated by undercover police agents from los angeles. he was followed to san bernardino where he shot one of the agents and was subsequently shot and killed.
blossomgame was suspected of trying to break into a woman's motel room. an officer saw blossomgame in the parking lot and tried to detain him, but blossomgame was uncooperative. blossomgame got away on foot after being tasered. he got in another scruffle with officers during the chase. blossomgame took an officer's taser and tried to use it. that is when an officer shot and killed blossomgame.
county sheriffs responded to a call from a husband that his wife rosy mejia, 27, and their three children were held hostage in a home by rafael mejia. a swat team arrived and an hour later mejia "was shot and killed after negotiations failed." rosy was found in the home fatally shot.
officers approaching a small group of men were fired upon, injuring one of the officers. another officer shot and killed one of the men, alvarado
jaimez was a murder suspect spotted by la county deputies on the road. after a brief early-evening chase, jaimez emerged from his car with "an immediate exchange of gunfire". he was fatally shot; one of the deputies sustained a minor wound.
police investigating a murder were approached by two armed men, one of whom pointed a sawed-off rifle at the officers. officers shot and killed one of the men.
gutierrez was shot and killed by police after engaging in an altercation that left two officers injured. a gun was recovered at the scene.
deputies found the suspect standing over the victim who had been moderately injured by a sharp object, she added. as deputies approached the two, the suspect turned, raised a hatchet over his head and ran toward deputies. a deputy-involved shooting occurred.
after reports of a shooting, sheriff's deputies followed and engaged in a standoff with rodarte for several hours. rodarte was shot after he went to his front door and motioned as if he was pulling out a weapon. it was a bb gun.
deputies called to support fire department at a small house fire. gaston yelled at the firefighters and deputies and ran into the woods wearing only sweatpants. when he came out he "made a movement simulating drawing a firearm and the deputies fired, striking gaston several times." he was unarmed.
factor fought with police and supposedly took out a gun. an officer fatally shot him.
thompson was killed by police as he accelerated his car toward officers after shooting into an occupied home in jurupa valley.
after a carjacking that resulted in the death of obette lacap, a high speed pursuit, bryan snyder valle and his accomplice crashed, came out shooting and was killed.
two court bailiffs -- both retired police officers -- were killed and the suspect, gordon, was shot and killed by police inside the county courthouse in downtown st. joseph.
meridy allegedly kidnapped his wife at gunpoint from her workplace. police tracked meridy to a to a hotel and negotiated with him before meridy shot his wife and a state trooper, police said. the trooper returned fire, killing meridy, according to authorities. meridy's wife is expected to recover and the trooper was shot in his vest.
macon was shot after an attempted armed robbery of a fast food restaurant in niles, and was fatally shot while attempting to flee from police. the county prosecutor ruled the shooting justified.
police say brooks fired shots at bystanders, then in the direction of two officers. he was shot and killed.
rush springs police officer daniel smith shot vandemark after he refused to put down his gun. smith was responding to a domestic violence call.
after allegedly robbing an el pollo loco, the unidentified man fled, and there was a chase. he crashed twice before police shot and killed him in front of the temecula elementary school.
rodriguez reportedly fought with the deputy who was in the area responding to a report of a "suspicious person" in the area. rodriguez allegedly tried to take the deputy's baton and that's when she shot him.
charles allegedly kicked in the door of the residence where an elderly couple lives. deputies said they contacted the suspect when they arrived on scene, and an officer involved shooting occurred.
the shooting occurred following a police chase. its unclear what prompted the police to fire on the suspect.
riverside sheriff‰Ûªs deputies began a chase at lakeshore and riverside drives in the lake elsinore area after attempting to pull over a man in a stolen vehicle. he fled and traveled south on i-15 to the baxter road offramp in wildomar. the pursuit ended at the dead end of killarney lane roughly a half-mile northeast of i-15 and baxter road. it was unclear what prompted the gunfire, but officers claim they feared for their lives.
hall fired a shot from his rifle after arguing with his wife, prompting 911 calls. when officers arrived hall would not come out side. eventually, hall raised the rifle towards deputies - the deputies shot and killed him.
police said they were conducting a narcotics investigation near martinez‰Ûªs house when they spotted his car and tried to stop it. martinez kept driving until he reached his driveway, pulled in and got out of the car, then led officers on a foot chase before pulling a loaded gun. martinez died in a neighbor's backyard.
forgash led police on a chase after trying to use a fraudulent check and i.d. after the chase forgash exited his vehicle. a deputy shot and killed forgash, saying later he had been moving his upper body in a twisting motion. he reportedly did not have a weapon.
sheriff's deputies were dispatched on an assault call, but when they pulled up to the home they found the victim suffering from multiple gunshot wounds, riverside county sheriff's deputy patty stoyer said. the victim, identified as adam thomas, 27, of moreno valley, was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead, stoyer said. sheriff's deputies arrested suspect demery in connection with the shooting. he was booked on suspicion of murder.
california highway patrol attempted to pull over a drunk driver. when the suspect didn't stop, the indio police department joined the chase. the suspect exited the vehicle, allegedly with a shotgun. the victim was shot down by officers. it has yet to be determined which officer fired the fatal gunshot.
morin was wanted on two nonviolent felony warrants. he was visiting relatives and a deputy staked out the relative's house in order to serve arrest morin. when morin and his relatives returned home from dinner, the deputy attempted to arrest the unarmed morin, a scuffle ensued, ending with the deputy shooting and killing morin in front of his family. a federal civil rights lawsuit was filed against riverside county on aug. 26.
an officer matched roberts' vehicle to one connected in an earlier assault, and moved to surround the car. roberts refused to exit the car and backed over an officer's foot, leading four officers to fire into the car and kill roberts.
officers from the riverside police department problem oriented policing (pop) team were conducting a pedestrian check on two individuals at arlington park. while speaking with these individuals, it was determined that hayes would be handcuffed because he had a felony warrant for his arrest for receiving stolen property. as one of the officers attempted to make contact with hayes, he pulled a handgun from the waistband of his pants. the officer shot and killed him.
a riverside police department patrol officer was checking on an occupied vehicle parked near a closed gas station. as the officer exited his vehicle, ramirez produced a handgun and there was an exchange of gunfire between ramirez and the officer. ramirez was shot and killed.
police officer responded to a call about a man who was knocking on motel room doors looking for a woman.the man brandished a pistol and the officer shot him.
police responding to a possible suicide call fatally shot schultz after the 66-year-old refused orders to lower a handgun and then pointed the weapon at officers.
rodriguez was fatally shot after officers pursued him for driving a stolen car. after a short foot chase, an officer shot rodriguez after the 24-year-old pulled out a gun. the officer was cleared of any charges in 2014.
rashad hopes pointed an empty revolver at police in a gas station after being involved in a car crash. police fired 15 bullets at hopes before one of them hit him in the back of the head as he ran.
ridge matched the description of an armed suspect. deputies approached him. he confronted deputies with a knife. deputies fatally shot him after he refused to drop his weapon.
deputies recognized bosch from arrest warrant, pulled him over, claims he then drove at one deputy, who shot and killed him.
foster was shot and killed by an indio police officer on july 4. according to authorities, foster was armed and when police confronted him, he ran away. then, a pursuit on foot started which led to a confrontation between the officer and foster. that's when the officer opened fire and killed him. a family friend feels there is no evidence to prove he had any weapon with him at the time of the shooting.
members of a sheriff‰Ûªs gang task force, along with a probation officer, tried to stop the driver of a silver toyota for a traffic violation. deputies said mccullough took off. four minutes later, mccullough stopped, got out of his car, and allegedly took out a weapon. police shot and killed him.
responding to shots fired, a deputy said wilkerson pointed a shotgun at her, before four deputies shot and killed him.
police said they received multiple reports of a disturbance. when responding officers arrived at the scene, they found the suspect assaulting a woman inside a trailer. one officer shot and killed the suspect.
patrol officers, in marked police cars and in full uniform, responded to a call regarding a person in a stolen vehicle at the peppertree apartments. upon arrival, the officers were directed to a suspect in a different vehicle. witnesses indicated that the suspect had just stolen this car after fleeing the first vehicle. ciaramella saw the officers and fled in the stolen vehicle. the suspect vehicle fled out the west gate, but collided with another vehicle. as one of the patrol units exited the west gate, ciaramella rammed the stolen vehicle into the driver side of the police vehicle. the officer shot and killed him.
rendon, 23, a farm worker, was shot by indio police officer alex franco after he and his partner attempted to stop the suspect while he was riding his bicycle. rendon fled and was shot by franco who claimed the suspect was facing him down over the hood of the police vehicle and could have been armed. experts testified rendon's bullet wounds reveal he was shot from behind and below. the family of alejandro rendon was awarded a $1.9 million settlement in july 2014.
officers were trying to take into custody a parolee who was wanted for assault with a deadly weapon. armes was in a taxi and when the driver fled he allegedly took control of the taxi, drove it into an unmarked law enforcement vehicle and then ran. according to law enforcement, the suspect had a gun, and was shot by a member of the fugitive task force. the suspect's brother disagrees, says suspect was tased and then shot unnecessarily. no weapon was found.
officers responded to a call of shots fired at the pisgah view apartments, and followed a suspect car to the deaverview apartments. police say williams was seen fighting with a woman in a car. when williams got out of the car, officers say he had an ar-15, and he was shot and killed.
officers saw marion with a gun during a chase that lasted nearly an hour, officers heard a gun discharged and one officer said marion pointed a gun at him at one point. marion did not have the gun when he was shot.
deputies responded to a domestic disturbance. peacock met them in the front yard with a rifle and refused to put it down. he was shot and killed.
kennedy was suspected in a murder and an assault. when police caught up with him, he pointed his gun at them, and he was shot and killed.
deputies were accompanying locksmiths to serve an eviction notice. the victim barricaded himself in the home. once the door was forced opened they found him with a gun and shot him four times.
guardiola fled a roadway check point. the chase ended on industrial boulevard near queen city parkway when troopers tried to block the suv, and there was an accident. authorities said the vehicle occupants took off on foot. sgt. allen caught up with guardiola at a creek, where authorities said guardiola tried to drown the trooper. and he was shot and killed.
officer matthew williamson and other officers responded to a domestic incident on old shadburn ferry road near buford. when williamson arrived, he witnessed 80-year-old betty jo massengale run out of the house and be shot in the back and killed by 73-year-old james daniel guler. the officer then shot and killed guler.
after a carjacking and murder, police caught up with delfino, chased him and exchanged gunfire. delfino was shot and killed.
after deputies pulled over padilla there was a struggle between them. deputies believed padilla had a weapon leading deputies to shoot and kill padilla. a weapon was recovered from the scene.
flores rammed a deputies car twice, trapping the deputy inside. the deputy feared for his life and shot and killed flores .
robertson ran from police on foot after being served a warrant for his arrest. at one point robertson took a gun from his waistband and pointed it at officers, prompting the officers to shoot and kill robertson.
police say chavez beat a woman and stabbed another man in the neck before two officers shot him to death
swat team officer daniel hughes shot and killed 50-year-old armand martin after police said martin threatened his wife and children with a gun. police said martin fired into the neighborhood from his home, and came out of the house ‰Û÷actively shooting with two handguns‰Ûª before he was fatally shot
officer jeremy dear shot and killed 19-year-old mary hawkes after a footchase outside of a trailer park in se albuquerque. police said that officers had seen hawkes driving a stolen truck earlier and were attempting to locate and arrest her when the chase ensued. police said dear shot hawkes after she pointed a gun at dear during the chase.
officer hector marquez shot and killed 37-year-old andy snider, who was armed with a hammer, after officers responded to an assault call at the 7-eleven on university and central.
chase led dozens of police officers on a 16-mile police chase after stealing an apd cruiser and firing at police with an assault rifle. he shot and wounded four law enforcement officers, one badly, before dying at fourth and montano.
deputies were called after chavez was reportedly acting suicidal, and a deputy fatally shot the 54-year-old after he pointed a hunting rifle at officers.
an apd officer shot at, but missed, kendall carroll, 21, during a four-hour swat standoff between carroll and state police and apd, during which carroll fired numerous times at officers from inside a northeast heights apartment. a state police officer fired the shot that killed carroll.
dennison, was shot and killed by apd swat team members after dennison, who was armed with a handgun, led police on a foot chase and hours-long manhunt in northeast albuquerque.
rasmussen was being pursued because he'd made threats. after negotiating by phone, he pulled over and threatened police with a gun before he was shot and killed.
police said a meeting between homeland security investigators and suspected high level drug dealers devolved into a violent struggle and the fatal shooting of llanez, police said
officers called to deal with a person sleeping on a bench near a harbor office found the man armed with a handgun. the victim, who police identified as a gang member, refused to drop his weapon and was fatally shot by police.
a border patrol agent followed flores-cruz through a ravine and up a hillside when he began throwing rocks. officials said the agent ordered flores-cruz to stop in english and in spanish and used his hands to deflect some of the rocks. he was struck in the face. the agent, fearing for his safety, fired his duty weapon at the suspect, striking him. investigators said the agent fired his weapon at least twice. the suspect died at the scene.
devenere led police on a high-speed chase while holding the female driver of the car hostage. after being slowed with spike strips, the vehicle came to a stop and an officer fired and killed devenere.
jose luis navarro was critically injured when officers shot him following a car chase. the pursuit began when a sergeant tried to stop him for talking on his cellphone while driving. while the saturn was stopped, police said the suspect raised the gun towards officers, and fearing for their safety and the safety of others, four sdpd officers opened fire at the suspect in the vehicle. navarro died two days later in the hospital.
police chased a suspected carjacker 100+ miles to the otay mesa mexico-us border, where the border patrol had closed it in anticipation of his arrival. the man reportedly tried to veer past officers in an attempt to cross the border. three officers fired into the vehicle, killing him.
carjacking suspect made a u-turn and drove toward border agents who fired at him and killed him.
mayes had been identified as a suspect in an elder abuse case two weeks earlier and was being lured by police to a park and ride in escondido. he made a violent attempt to avoid arrest, police said, pulling a homemade shotgun. his vehicle was filled with explosive devices.
police were called to an ocean beach apartment complex where a man with a gun was threatening to shoot another man. cargnoni had left the apartment by the time officers arrived, but his silver volkswagen sedan was spotted minutes later and pulled over on sea world drive. he got out of the car but ignored commands to put up his hands. cargnoni instead walked to the passenger side of the car, reached between the seats and pulled out a brown and silver object. he then raised the object and pointed it at police. the officer who was closest to cargnoni opened fire, killing him.
tovar was fatally shot by officers after he drove a car in reverse towards them. he had allegedly robbed a nearby gas station.
officers surrounded an apartment complex after receiving a report that two wanted parolees were there and at least one was armed. after several hours the men fled and one was cornered. one was fatally shot after refusing to show his hands and reaching into his pockets. the other suspect was arrested after an hours-long search.
officers attempted to stop a vehicle for speeding. a high speed pursuit ensued. after the suspect drove into a vacant lot, he u-turned and drove towards the officers. the officers opened fire, fatally wounding the driver and injuring a passenger.
shortly after allegedly killing his pregnant girlfriend in baldwyn, a tupelo man on the run from police posted a video on social media saying he was responsible for the may 13 killing of a tupelo cab driver. lyndarius witherspoon was shot and killed in a gun battle with tupelo police in an apartment complex parking lot. he didn't mention the dead girlfriend, and it's uncertain whether he actually killed the cabby.
police responding to a disturbance call fatally shot montgomery after a traffic stop and altercation. a grand jury declined to charge the involved officers with a crime.
police said rhymes shot a 2-year-old in the leg at level acres mobile home park. afterward, rhymes traveled to davis street, where he shot a 42-year-old woman, and then to norman street, where he shot a 39-year-old man. police caught up with rhymes near zion church. authorities said rhymes shot at police when he encountered them. he then led police on a foot and car chase and shot at police before being shot and killed.
lamb, along with an accomplice, lead police on a brief chase before fleeing on foot after police received reports of an armed robbery. lamb was found hiding under a vehicle and was shot after refusing to surrender.
massey was a passenger in a car that was stopped by police at 431 south wrecker service in eufaula when he was shot multiple times by police. massey caused the vehicle to accelerate, dragging one of the officers, according to a statement released wednesday from mayor jack tibbs. the traffic stop about 45 miles south of columbus developed into a drug-trafficking investigation.
johnson fled on foot from a traffic stop, shooting at the deputy who stopped him. he was shot and killed.
police were searching for a carjacked suv. when they attempted to pull navarro over, he fled. exactly what led to the shooting has not been released.
castro was wanted on an amber alert for kidnapping. after a chase and a carjacking, he was shot and killed.
police received a report of a suspicious driver on i-49 north of harrisonville. a caller said the driver had caused several wrecks on the highway. when a deputy tried to stop the driver, the man sped off. police said an officer from the peculiar police department deployed stop sticks and the driver stopped just north of highway j on i-49. there was a struggle when the deputy tried to arrest him and the man was shot and killed.
higgins was released from prison in dec. 2013 after a 12-year stint. police came to arrest him at his trailer for violating parole six months later. higgins, who was armed, escaped through a secret hatch but encountered two officers in the woods. he fired two shots at the officers and they returned fire, killing him. higgins had often stated he would die in a police shootout before going back to prison.
zambrano, 35, is suspected in the shooting and killing of auburn police officer ronald tarentino, jr. during a traffic stop. he was eventually killed at an oxford home after a standoff with police.
police were investigating shots fired. after a 15-hour standoff, campbell came out and threatened police with a gun, and he was shot and killed.
multiple aurora police officers shot and killed an armed suspect following a carjacking and a police chase right after the suspect rammed a police vehicle, police said.
santamaria was pulled over. shortly after a shootout with him and officers ensued. it was not immediately clear whether the shot that killed santamaria was from his weapon or an officers.
deputies tim phillips and andrew mccormick responded to a 911 call about a man who had been "acting weird" with a gun outside a bar. they report they arrived and saw pfeffer pointing a shotgun at the bar door and that he ignored their commands to drop his weapon. pfeffer walked away from them, and when he turned or spun around, they fired multiple shots, hitting him in the back and leg.
officers responded to a report of multiple homicides. a woman had escaped from a home and called police after discovering that three people in the home appeared to be dead. a six-hour standoff ensued with the home surrounded by swat officers. a man in the home was killed when he shot at police.
grant was pursued by two franklin township police officers after an encounter on somerset and home streets, officials said. the officers followed grant across the town border on somerset into new brunswick where an exchange of gunfire and grant was killed, according to police. details are scant.
garcha was being questioned by the sheriff's office about information on a runaway girl. the sheriff drove garcha into town and both were in the sheriff's car when garcha stabbed the deputy. the deputy shot garcha.
evans reportedly tried to kill himself before officers responded to his home. officers shocked evans with a taser after he refused to go to the hospital, police said. when evans armed himself with several kitchen knives, police shocked him again before shooting him, according to authorities.
mcduffie was a suspect in a theft of a car. mcduffie had a struggle with officers leading to him being shot and killed.
harrison, a suspected gang member and target of a narcotics investigation, was shot by federal agents after being stopped and running into a number of other vehicles. the baltimore county state's attorney cleared the agents of any wrongdoing.
officers responded to a call of an assault in progress. rogers had a knife and refused to drop it. the officer shot and killed him.
police said officers were responding to a report of an assault at the colony motel. a woman said a man on a motor scooter was causing a disturbance, and when she asked him to leave, he allegedly drove around her in circles and then attempted to strike her with his scooter. when officers went to the suspect's apartment a few blocks away, police said, the man struggled with one officer and tried to pull his gun from the holster. another officer shot the man several times, killing him.
upon hearing shots, davis became alarmed that his girlfriend‰Ûªs assailant might have returned with a gun. he retrieved his own gun, proceeded to the front room of his home and was shot twice by officer pitts.
when officers responding to a call about a suicide attempt arrived at a home on landgraf cove, leake started shooting at officers. officers returned fire.
an off-duty dekalb officer was working security at a shopping plaza when an armed man approached a woman from behind and attempted to steal her vehicle, police said. the victim got the attention of the officer, who found whitfield in the woman‰Ûªs vehicle, approached him and ordered him to drop his handgun. whitfield instead pointed the gun at the officer, and was shot and killed, police said.
detectives phillip christy and eddie stubbs were transporting two inmates to jail after a court appearance on drug and armed robbery charges. one of the inmates, identified as 19-year-old miguel benton, managed to get an officer's gun and shot christy twice. stubbs then shot benton, killing him.
officers responded to a call for a man making noise at an apartment complex. when they confronted him, he allegedly pulled a replica pistol out of a holster and pointed it at them. one of the officers fired several shots; the man died at a hospital a short time later. police stated that " the suspect had several knives with him.‰Û
johnson entered an autozone store and attempted to rob it after tying up workers. a swat team was called after a worker was able to escape, and johnson was fatally shot after ignoring police orders.
eric andrews allegedly broke into a norcross apartment early monday morning was armed with a tire iron and within feet of a police officer when he was shot in the chest.
police allegedly observed suspect speeding and behaving recklessly on kensington road, turned to follow and came on crashed vehicle. suspect ignored orders to remain in vehicle and alleged moved towards police in a threatening manner. sgt. lynn thomas fired one shot, hitting the suspect in the chest. civil grand jury recommended case go before criminal grand jury. criminal grand jury recommends charging sgt. thomas (may 2, 2015)
troopers and deputies saw the male with a handgun assaulting a female resident. the male then fired the handgun through a window toward officers. that is when we're told a kentucky state trooper fired one shot at the male, killing him.
authorities on thursday identified eric tyrone forbes, 28, as the man they say fired a gun at police officers in a residential block of miami‰Ûªs liberty city. at least two miramar officers ‰ÛÓ who had chased him from broward county ‰ÛÓ returned fired and killed forbes.
detectives from the street crime unit were able to locate the vehicle where the bank robber was suspected to be. they followed the vehicle and then attempted to stop the vehicle, at which point alleged gunfire took place, killing the suspect.
police found the vehicle and a heavily armed man. shortly after, he was shot and killed on the scene.
very little is known about this case. police responded to a 911 call from a boy whose mother was being beaten by her ex-boyfriend. when police arrived, the man allegedly "armed himself." officers shot at him from outside the home, entered the home and shot him again.
officers pursued stanley after a hit-and-run incident. he fled the area and hit a pedestrian with his car, pinning the victim against another vehicle. then he hit several other cars and fled on foot. when an officer tried to apprehend him, a struggle ensued. another officer shot and killed stanley.
a joint-police stolen car sting attempted to apprehend carulla in a stolen vehicle. when a sergeant pulled his unmarked vehicle behind carulla, police say he rammed the police car. one or two officers fired, shooting carulla five times.
police said they responded to a 911 emergency disturbance call in the area of east 7th avenue and 24th street and found johnson was beating two dogs. johnson resisted arrest and was shot with a taser. he died later after several hospital transfers.
adrian montesano's attempted robbery of a walgreen's turned into a multi-hour manhunt with numerous officers injured before ending in a fatal shootout. montesano and corsini valdes, valdes blameless and both unarmed, were hit dozens of times as around 23 police officers fired hundreds of rounds into the car.
a miami police officer attempting to break up a dispute between a security guard and barbershop employee shot and killed the guard after he shot the barbershop worker.
police responded to a domestic disturbance involving a gun. two victims escaped from the apartment, one of them with a gunshot wound, while valdes opened fire on the officers and barricaded himself in. he was killed in the ensuing exchange of fire and raid of the swat-like special response team.
jean was observed by a police officer at a gas station near miami international airport, stuffing newspapers under a tank and trying to light them. when caught, jean attacked the officer with a screwdriver and knife, and (by some reports) trying to bite off the officer's thumb. jean was tasered then fatally shot, after which the officer quickly reached the station's emergency shut-off valves, preventing an explosion.
hialeah police were called by woman about a domestic dispute where she claimed a man in the house had a gun. police claim they were forced to fire on a man when they encountered him within the house.
pedro alberto vargas fatally shot six people inside his hialeah apartment complex and then took two people hostage for about three hours. after negotiations reportedly broke down, a swat team entered the building and fatally shot vargas after a brief shootout; the two hostages escaped unharmed.
a man killed by police had stabbed three relatives and confronted arriving police officers, miami-dade police said. police said units were called to a home on a report that three woman had been stabbed. white had attacked his mother and two sisters. as the officers tried to question him, he tried to run. a confrontation ensued with an officer and white was shot and killed.
officers responded to a call about a domestic dispute. miami-dade police said the man involved was wanted for a strong armed robbery. when officers tried to take him into custody, the man reportedly started to fight back, at which time the officers shot and killed him.
routine patrol in a warehouse district revealed a car that police found suspicious, and its driver who reportedly would not cooperate during a traffic stop and who made an "abrupt movement". the officer shot him to death. the car turned up stolen. police reports did not disclose the victim's name or make it clear whether he was armed.
police believed danny valdes was driving a stolen nissan in liberty city when patrol officers tried pulling him over. he led them on a short chase. when he stopped, he was reaching under the seat when they shot and killed him.
passengers on bus called police to report armed man brandishing a gun. police arrived and exchanged gunfire, wounding man. man was also holding novelty grenade. shooting occurred near college campus.
according to investigators, officer(s) were dispatched to a suspicious person, white male seen looking into vehicle call. when the officer(s) arrived, they located the male subject and began to interview him. during the interview, the subject gave false information and refused to provide a reasonable explanation for his presence & conduct. the officer(s) attempted to handcuff the subject and a violent struggle ensued. during the struggle, the subject broke free from the officer(s) and entered their police cruiser, attempting to use the vehicle as a weapon to run the officer(s) down. an officer discharged his firearm, striking and killing the subject.
yolanda thomas and xavier tyrell johnson had just allegedly stolen from a drugstore and fled in a vehicle, with thomas driving, but lost control of the car and crashed into a median barricade. apparently unarmed thomas tried to flee, which police interpreted as threatening, and both were shot to death.
yolanda thomas and xavier tyrell johnson had just allegedly stolen from a drugstore and fled in a vehicle, with thomas driving, but lost control of the car and crashed into a median barricade. apparently unarmed thomas tried to flee, which police interpreted as threatening, and both were shot to death.
victim was exiting car with hands raised when he was shot by police - caught on dash cam video
lawrence, was attempting to turn over a stray animal at the dothan city animal shelter at around 12:30 p.m., but he allegedly became disorderly after he was told he couldn't leave the animal without showing identification. the shelter called police, an altercation ensued, and the deceased was shot once in the abdomen by the police officer.
a man was shot dead by police after they say he tried to run over several officers in drexel hill, delaware county tuesday night.
mcqueen is alleged to have shot at an officer. police fired multiple rounds, killing mcqueen at the scene. investigations into the incident are ongoing.
the upper darby police department said galla broke into the residence of a former girlfriend and fired seven rounds at a man, hitting him in the foot. a u.s. marshals task force including state police troopers located him in the area of the summit inn in upper darby, where he was seen with another man and woman. members of the task force chased the man who was with galla to a second-floor room, where gunfire resulted in galla‰Ûªs death.
timothy edward west emerged from the home with a shotgun. west pointed his gun at sgt. priester and deputy butler and they shot him several times, killing him.
deputies approached this individual, who was attempting to go through the front window of the residence. at this point in time there was a confrontation between the two, and the deputy fired four or five times. deputies claim the suspect had something in his hand.
deputies responded to a report of a domestic disturbance involving shots fired. responding deputies were advised by the female victim that the male suspect had possibly barricaded himself inside the residence. while establishing a perimeter, deputies encountered the armed suspect, who refused to drop the weapon and shots were fired, killing ray
after officers responded to a domestic disturbance at bennett's residence, the 66-year-old entered into an altercation with responding officers. after an attempt to tase bennett failed, officers shot him after he reached for a nearby cache of guns.
knife-wielding suspect charged at deputies. deputies shot him.
thomas monts jr., was shot and killed during a shootout in safford monday morning after deputies responded to a domestic dispute call at his ex-wife's home. 
police shoot and kill david scott after he came out of an apartment building off of fort caroline road holding what swat team members thought was a gun. officers say the object david scott was holding was actually a box stuffed in a black sock.
little was resisting arrest. he was tasered several times until he managed to retrieve the taser from the deputy. the deputy responded by shooting and killing little.
keys was acting suicidal when he pointed a revolver at officers, resulting getting shot and killed.
after a brief car chase, johnson emerged from the vehicle with a gun pointed towards officer busque. busque then fired four shots - two of which hit johnson. johnson died on scene at 6:29.
peters was shot by deputies after he lunged and severely stabbed a deputy in the arm. deputies fired rounds from a handgun and rifle, and peters was taken to a nearby hospital where he later died.
warren was with two other individuals in an automobile known by police to be stolen. a police officer spotted them and after a short pursuit, warren and the other two individuals parked and fled on foot. the officer pursued on foot, and when warren turned and pointed a handgun at him, the officer shot warren multiple times.
officer m.w. crawford reportedly ordered the suspect to surrender, instead the suspect allegedly ignored commands and attempted to jump a fence. officers said they spotted a gun in the suspect's hand. crawford fired several shots, striking the suspect an undetermined amount of times the suspect was shot and killed on scene and a gun was recovered by jso investigators.
trying to escape from police while a warrant was out on him for armed robbery, he rammed an undercover vehicle, got out of his car, and ran inside nearby restaurant. reaching for a gun, he was fatally shot by police.
three officers shot and killed jones after police said he stabbed his stepfather, then later charged an officer while holding a pellet gun following a nearly two-hour standoff.
trying to repeatedly smash his ex-wife's car, the swat officers came to the scene. she told police he was trying to kill her. he had a gun, police told him to put it down, and later when he tried to reach for it they fired at him six times, killing him.
in a car being chased by police, the police fired, killing him.
police responded to a domestic dispute call involving harris, recently released from prison, and his 17-year-old son. this ended with harris shot to death on his front yard in full view of many family members and friends. those witnesses sharply disputed the police version of events; the police responded by emphasizing harris's criminal history.
a deputy and a utah highway patrol trooper went to a stansbury park home on a report that mcgehee had cut his foot and needed medical help. but through a window they saw a man holding a shotgun, investigators said. at some point, mcgehee‰Ûªs wife came out of the house. mcgehee followed, holding a handgun, investigators said. after ignoring two or three commands to put the gun down, mcgehee allegedly pointed the gun at the deputy, who fired three times on mcgehee, killing him. mcgehee, a u.s. army staff sergeant, was awarded a purple heart after twice being hit by ieds in iraq. he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, his family said.
mullenax stole a truck and drove it up the highway, where a pursuit with officers followed. mullenax dumped the truck, and an officer approached on foot. mullenax entered officer's vehicle and inflicted damage to officer's person, and officer shot mullenax. mullenax later died of injuries at a phoenix hospital.
when he came back outside, he was armed with an "edged weapon," and he ran toward the deputies. they warned him to stop several times, and when he drew near they tried to use a taser, then deadly force was used.
bedford police say the male resident causing the disturbance confronted officers. officers say john hebebrand, 43, admitted to having a weapon and kept reaching behind his back. in response, police say hebebrand was first tased in an effort to get the situation under control. according to police, the taser was ineffective and he brandished a knife as he moved toward the officers. an officer then shot hebebrand.
tamir was in a park playing with a bb gun. a caller reported that a male was point a pistol at random people, stating twice that the gun was "probably fake". police pulled up within 10 feet from tamir and shot him two seconds later in the abdomen. neither officer administered first aid, instead arresting tamir's sister who rushed to his aid. tamir didn't receive first aid until four minutes later from a deputy who was nearby. he died soon after.
officers went to a home at 4:13 a.m. to investigate a domestic dispute. when they arrived, they heard a woman yelling for help, south euclid chief kevin nietert said in a statement. officers entered the home and saw a man assaulting the woman with a knife. the man did not obey when the officers told him to stop, and an officer shot the man in order to protect the woman.
officer ordered suspect to lower weapon. he refused shot him 3 times.
police broke up a fight between thompson and a woman, when the 47-year-old pointed a gun at an off-duty officer. the officer ordered thompson to drop the weapon and shot him after he refused.
bailey was shot four times by officers after fleeing a traffic stop, crashing his vehicle, and shooting at officers still in their cruisers.
on friday, deputy richard clements spotted smith at an apartment complex on school and pineda streets and called out to him, according to ivey. smith went into an apartment and threatened clements with a gun, at which point clements fired, killing smith, ivey said.
officers responding to a 911 call of shots fired at a titusville sports bar found wilcher and two other men inside a car. wilcher allegedly ignored an officer's orders and approached them while holding a handgun, leading officers to shoot wilcher.
a late-afternoon domestic dispute in which poplos threatened his 82-year-old fiance with a gun, firing shot into the wall beside her, developed into a standoff with police. poplos refused to surrender the weapon, and county deputies shot him to death.
corporal jim haman and deputy diomedis canela responded to a call that the suspect was assaulting family members with a knife. greer allegedly threatened officers with a knife when they found him in his home. greer was shot and killed.
smith was shot five times after police said he was seen firing into a crowd outside h.t.'s lounge early friday morning.
police said gray robbed two men at gunpoint at a bus stop in southeast on wednesday afternoon, and he matched the description given to officers who saw him a few minutes later and gave chase. officers cornered him in a grassy cut between apartment buildings off naylor road and fired on him after they say he turned and shot at them.
d.c. police were helping u.s. marshals execute an arrest warrant, when a man brandished a handgun and refused to comply with orders to drop it. one member of the marshal‰Ûªs service and one police officer shot and killed the suspect.
little was walking near an elementary school when police arrived and ordered him to drop his firearm. when he refused, an officer opened fire and fatally struck little.
a regional task force was serving a warrant on hendrix related to the earlier death of another woman. hendrix left his apartment building and fired at officers, leading them to return fire and fatally kill hendrix.
gun recovery unit were investigating a shooting the previous night, they approached murphy, who ran from them. officers chased murphy, who pulled a handgun and fired at them, striking one. that officer returned fire, striking murphy.
officers investigating a previous homicide encountered brown with a handgun. commanded to drop his weapon, brown did not, and was fatally shot.
carey was shot and killed after she allegedly rammed into barricades near the white house and then led police on a chase toward the u.s. capitol building.
alexis entered the naval sea systems command center and killed 12 people and injured three others. he was fatally shot by police in response to the shooting.
mcrae carjacked a black pontiac from a woman in the mid-afternoon. the victim flagged down a local police cruiser and her vehicle was quickly located in front of an apartment block. according to police, mcrae exited the vehicle and turned toward police as if brandishing a weapon. shot, fatally wounded, he collapsed on the steps of the apartment.
shatara is the son of the deputy involved and believe the incident was domestic-related
"palm beach gardens police say a staff member at the motel called 911 after the suspect told the front desk clerk he had a gun and asked her to call the police. according to officials, when officers arrived at the scene landi raised his gun and pointed it at the officers. three police officers returned fire. the suspect died on scene."
brown reportedly stole a bike from someone at gunpoint. brown was pulled over by and officer. brown shot at the officer. the officer fired back, killing brown.
a deputy was fighting for his life when williams took the deputies gun and put it against the deputies head. the deputy wrestled with williams, retrieving his gun and shoots and kills williams.
deputies were called for an armed disturbance. on scene was pollow; he was ordered to empty his pockets. he allegedly drew a knife and charged at a deputy prompting the deputy to shoot and kill him.
after police were called to fay's home on a domestic disturbance call, the 55-year-old allegedly came out of his house holding a handgun. officers shot and killed fay after he allegedly raised his gun at them.
polen pointed an ak-47 at an officer after getting pulled over. the officer shot and killed polen.
police shot and killed burlakoff after failing to comply with officers' orders and tried to reach for a handgun. witnesses said that burlakoff shot and killed a woman, who was related to him. her body was found in an empty lot.
demps, with a considerable criminal record, carjacked a white pickup truck at a restaurant. the owner called 911, and the pickup was quickly spotted. demps pulled into a marriott parking lot, was seen making a gesture towards his waistband, and was fatally shot. no weapon was found on him.
rhodes, with a "decades-long struggle with crime, drugs and violence against women" behind him, faced off against a county deputy in a corridor of his home, armed with a two-foot cane knife. ordered to drop the knife he instead slammed it against a wall. the deputy shot him to death.
officers responded to a report of a domestic disturbance. they found a woman holding a knife to the throat of her boyfriend. the officers shot her when she refused commands to drop the knife and ‰ÛÏturned to stab him.‰Û she died from her injuries.
pickens sheriff's office were dispatched to a residence located in the bethany moorings area in pickens county on christmas eve. the deputies arrived at the residence and encountered a man with a gun in the yard of the residence. the man fired his weapon at the deputies and they returned fire, striking the suspect.
an off-duty officer from the oregon department of justice stopped and approached jenkins, armed with a handgun, in his car. he was followed by a reedsport police officer and two douglas county sheriff's deputies. during their interactions with jenkins, oregon state police say the reedsport officer fired at him.
in the early afternoon four reedsport and county officers responded to a call about a verbal and physical fight about a mobile home park. they found and exchanged fire with resident glancey, who was armed with a handgun. glancey was shot once, and died of his injuries three days later.
police say officer andrew weusthoff was conducting a routine business check at a gas station when he saw two men and approached them. one of the men allegedly pulled a handgun and pointed it at the officer. the officer fired several shots, striking and fatally wounding the man. protesters dispute whether the man had a gun and point out that the officer had a body camera but was not wearing it at the time.
a pine lawn police officer pulled over a car for a wanted person alert along westbound i-70 and jennings station road. the suspect took off in his vehicle. the officer pursued the suspect who crashed on interstate 170 at the 70 interchange and then took off on foot. when the officer caught the man, a struggle occurred and that‰Ûªs when the officer shot and killed the suspect.
two police officers arrived at bush' apartment to check on a reported fight. he opened the door and pointed an assault rifle at them. they shot and killed him.
todd was fleeing officers after being a suspected of robbery. when finally officers found todd he was armed and did not comply with officers orders, resulting in todd being shot and killed.
deputy tyler brockman shot ramsey four times through her windshield while she was trying to leave a field party in april. he said she tried to run him over.
after about an hour and a half, the man in the storm drain emerged there, where he was shot and killed by authorities.
santa fe county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy, tai chan, and sheriff's deputy jeremy martin were involved in an altercation in a las cruces hotel after visiting several restaurants where they had been drinking.
after a high-speed chase smith had a standoff with officers. it ended with williams being shot and killed.
when police arrived estrada was standing outside his home. police said estrada disobeyed commands from officers, went inside and came back out with what looked like an assault-style rifle that he pointed at the officers. officers shot at estrada and hit him at least once in the chest. the investigation has revealed that the weapon estrada pointed at the officers strongly resembles ar-15/m-16 style rifles. the rifle estrada pointed at officers was determined to be a crosman m-16 style pellet rifle.
the officer was inside the home of a suspect who had threatened suicide when he shot and killed the person. other details are unknown.
officers evacuated neighboring residents and went into the apartment, at which point long reportedly displayed what appeared to be a colt semi-automatic handgun, he said. officers later discovered that the weapon was a pellet gun. officers fired two shots.
hicks fled from an attempted traffic stop from state police. when stopped he exited his vehicle with a semiautomatic handgun, firing on the trooper. in the firefight the trooper was wounded and hicks fatally shot.
after a near car-collision, rhodes and another driver began arguing and fighting when a milford police officer arrived. rhodes allegedly pulled a gun from his car, and after ignoring demands to put it down was shot several times by the officer.
the man was killed by an officer at around 4 p.m. after firing ‰ÛÏhundreds of rounds‰Û during a standoff that lasted more than five hours.
police were dispatched to remove an unwanted person from a house. locke attacked with a knife, so they shot and killed him.
martin was suspected of beating his ex-wife and refused to let her and their son out of the house. deputies entered the home, used a stun gun on him - with no effect - and then martin charged at a deputies with a wooden stand, prmpting a deputy to shoot and kill him.
brown was a suspected prescription-drug dealer. during an undercover drug deal, the detective bought a "large" amount of pills from brown outside the tire shop. when the deal was completed, detectives waiting "in gear" moved in to arrest him. brown was reportedly shot because he would not show his hands. the pasco sheriff's office justified the shooting as "any failure to comply indicates a threat." family and friends organized protests of the shooting.
tillery set a car on fire at a dealership. deputies went to tillery's home. tillery's wife let deputies inside, at the end of the hallway. tillery had a weapon pointed at the deputies. the deputies shot and killed tillery.
a deputy responding to a domestic disturbance call was shot at by kaminski, who then engaged in a short standoff with police before deputies fatally shot the armed 62-year-old.
when the second officer showed up, dawson began throwing knives at him. that officer shot and wounded dawson. he was taken to a hospital where he later died.
the gunman then made a move toward the house, and an officer with the tactical unit who was ordered to prevent osterlind from entering the home fired a single shot from a rifle, crump said
police looking for a burglary suspect approached brisbon. the suspect fled on foot. when caught brisbon struggled with the officer. the suspect reached into his pocket. the officer felt what he believed to be a gun in the suspect's pocket. when he could no longer control brisbon he fired two shots. the item in brisbon's pocket turned out to be a bottle of oxycodone pills.
maricopa county detention officers were transporting an inmate to a county hospital when the inmate tried to escape. a struggle over the one of the officer's guns ensued, and the officer shot the victim in the head.
aceves was shooting a gun prompting neighbors to call police. when police arrived a shootout began. officers ultimately shot and killed aceves.
involved in hit-and-run. fired several shots in air out of car window. seen by cops several hours later; followed by helicoptor and police cars for 30 min. pulled into gas station, blocked in by police. according to police accounts pulled gun out of his waistband. was ordered to drop gun, but pointed it at an officer. 3 officers fired.
lanza shot at officers after he burglarized a condo. officers then shot and killed lanza.
williams reportedly fired a gun at an officer. an officer returned fire, killing williams.
chacon was shot and killed by deputies after he approached them with a gun drawn. chacon was a person of interest in an earlier murder, and had a lengthy criminal record.
duncan tasered an off duty officer. when the officer recovered from the shock, duncan threatened to taser him in the head, but the off duty officer opened fire, shooting duncan multiple times, killing him.
harden approached a police sergeant who was parked in a patrol car filling out a report. the sergeant rolled down his window, they began conversing, when suddenly harden tried to grab the sergeant through the window. there was a struggle, the sergeant shot harden one time and killed him.
uran, alongside 23-year-old jessica hicks, was pursued by police after stealing a car. uran was shot by police after attempting to steal another car in a downtown phoenix mall. hicks was charged with uran's murder, under an arizona law allowing police to charge a person with murder if a death happens during a violent felony. uran had a pellet gun.
rael was killed in a shootout with police following a short car chase. he had recently been released from prison and was connected to two recent murders in arizona.
two officers on fugitive apprehension detail were pursuing a suspect wanted on a felony warrant at about 3:20 p.m. thornton, realizing he was being followed, collided with several other vehicles at 43rd avenue and bethany home road. two people were injured in the crash - a 50-year-old man and an 83-year-old woman. thornton fled on foot around a building. the officers got out of their car and chased thornton. the suspect started shooting at the two officers. a third undercover officer with the fugitive apprehension squad appeared on the scene and heard gunshots. the officer saw the suspect shooting at the two other officers. the third officer shot and killed thornton.
after being identified as a bank robbery suspect, phelps led law enforcement on an extended chase before being shot to death after threatening officers.
officers approached suspicious looking vehicle. avendano was shot after swinging a sword at officers, who were unable to use a taser.
ross was shot multiple times as he tried to escape from authorities who were serving warrants for his arrest. ross had outstanding felony warrants for dangerous drugs and aggravated identity theft and forgery, and had a history of fleeing from police. while they did find a gun in the suspect's truck, there is no indication the suspect fired on officers.
mascarino had been arguing with a relative inside a condo unit when he fired his shotgun. he then went outside and fired the shotgun multiple times. police arrived on the scene, mascarino pointed the shotgun at officers and three officers fired their weapons, striking mascarino and fatally injuring him.
officers were involved in a shooting near the scene of a bank robbery. when the first responding officer arrived at the scene, he noticed a peculiarly-parked white vehicle in the branch parking lot. moments later, a hispanic male with a bandanna covering his face was seen exiting the building with a bag in one hand and a gun in the other. following a shoot out, the suspect was killed.
lankisch approached officers with an axe in an aggressive manner - he was subsequently shot and died.
after his girlfriend told him that she was leaving him, san antonio allegedly took a knife and attempted to attack her. responding officers shot san antonio after he allegedly lunged at them with a knife.
officers stopped mcginty for an unknown reason. when they stepped out of their vehicle, he allegedly began shooting at them. he hit one officer in the face, injuring him. officers then shot and killed mcginty.
police responded to a possible break-and-enter by 4 people at a condo. while the group allegedly talked to police, danielson reportedly said he didn't want to go back to prison and removed a gun from his backpack. officers "began to negotiate with him" and when he refused to put down his weapon, a swat team was called. they negotiated for about 3 hours until the "situation deteriorated" and they attempted to arrest him. "gunfire was exchanged" and danielson was shot and killed.
police responded to reports of a man threatening people on mill ave with a box cutter. he was found in front of a chili's restaurant. castillo would not comply with police demands to drop his weapon. he lunged at officers with the box cutter. a police negotiator arrived and attempted to talk with the agitated castillo. he charged an officer who fired his weapon striking him. an eye witness challenges the police account claiming castillo was 10-15 feet from officers when he was shot. austin del castillo died days later in the hospital.
officers responded after they received several calls about a man shooting a gun in the air. martos said officers saw a gun in the suspect's hand as he started running southbound. baeza ignored commands to drop the gun and pointed it at one of the officers. the officer fired at the suspect. baeza fled and was later found dead in a yard.
officers attempted to detain tricarico after the 29-year-old was observed driving a stolen vehicle. police said that tricarico opened fire first, and was fatally shot in the ensuing gun fight.
mavis, who was wanted by police on domestic violence and abuse charges, was fatally shot after attempting to draw a firearm while being arrested by mesa police.
majors, who was wanted in connection to a domestic violence charge, was shot and killed by officers after using a u-haul truck to ram into patrol cars in an attempt to escape from police.
a man in a wheelchair was killed after mesa police shot him during an altercation. the man pulled out his gun and officers responded by firing shots.[76]
walter was in a convenience store and told clerk he had a knife and a taser. police arrived on scene and walter displayed "a weapon." at that point, walter was apparently shot. walter was airlifted to st. joseph's hospital where he was pronounced dead.
an off-duty sheriff's deputy shot and killed a man who charged him with a bat sunday night in gila bend after answering a call about a domestic violence incident. a couple was arguing on a street and the woman's boyfriend allegedly was threatening her with a baseball bat. the deputy was the first to arrive on the scene and the man refused commands to drop the bat. the deputy said the man then charged him in an aggressive manner, and he feared for his life and shot the man once in the chest.
from the arizona republic: tempe narcotics officers were issuing a search warrant at a home in the 2100 block east cairo when wheelihan reportedly pointed an air rifle at officers from his backyard, sgt. mike pooley said in a statement thursday. after wheelihan didn‰Ûªt obey orders to put down the rifle, officers shot him.
flores approached an apartment and pointed a gun at the resident who answered after the resident said the person flores was looking for wasn't inside. the resident called the police. police got into a standoff with flores.flores aimed a gun at police. the police shot flores twice, killing him with the second shot.
police were called to investigate a report of a subject trespassing in a local business complex and making threats. when the first officer arrived on scene, he asked wagner to step outside. once outside, wagner fled on foot from the officer. eventually, officers located wagner under a trampoline in the backyard of a home. wagner wounded an officer and mortally wounded a police dog before being shot and killed.
several officers shot and killed riedisser after he allegedly pointed a gun at them. police were initially responding to a domestic violence incident at an apartment. they tracked riedisser to another location less than a mile away before killing him.[112]
police was called because pithan was acting crazy and making threats. he attacked officers, eventually brandishing a table leg before one of the injured officers shot and killed him.
jonathan pimentel, who was suspected of shooting his girlfriend earlier in the week, was fatally shot by phoenix police after pointing a gun at officers who were following up on a suspicious persons report.
detectives identified themselves and tried to serve plant with three felony warrants in a business complex parking lot, police said. plant ‰ÛÏturned on them quickly, in an aggressive manner, and produced and pointed an object at them. fearing for their lives, all three phoenix police detectives fired their duty weapons at the suspect. plant was pronounced dead at the scene. it was determined the object he carried was not a firearm.
phoenix police were called to a domestic violence situation in a neighborhood near 83rd avenue and buckeye road when 29-year-old jesus antonio torres began firing gunshots from inside the home.
a dps officer ran the license of a tan chevrolet tahoe and the plates came back stolen. the officer followed wilson and his passenger. the officer tailed the car into a chevron, parking about five feet behind the suv. the officer claimed alexander attempted to run him down, so he shot, killing him.
police were called over an altercation regarding illegal parking on the sidewalk. as police were investigating the illegally parked vehicle, a ford suv pulled up next to the officer and the deceased pulled a gun from his holder and displayed it in a threatening manner. the officer stepped back and fired multiple shots into the suv.
an officer fatally shot shobe after he pointed gun at police and fired at least one round.
officers responded to a call of a home burglary and observed the suspect running from the house on arriving. suspect allegedly pointed a gun at the officers and officers opened fire killing him on the scene. the suspect's gun is believed to have been a realistic-looking pellet gun. maricopa county attorney‰Ûªs office has cleared four officers of any wrongdoing.
barksdale was a neighbor to an off-duty state dot officer, who fatally shot him as a suspected burglar. the officer claimed the unarmed barksdale had worn a ski mask and rubber gloves, and had thrown gasoline on him. the victim's family, pressing for an fbi investigation, pointed out that it was cold, that barksdale was restoring an old car, and the officer had a history of "integrity questions."
officers attempted to stop a driver who seemed impaired. the driver fled and led officers on a chase that ended at the suspect's home where he crashed into a retaining wall. when officers approached the driver, the suspect rammed two cruisers and accelerated towards officers who opened fire. the suspect was pronounced dead at the scene. a 6-year-old child was discovered unharmed in the passenger seat.
a wal-mart store employee observed stowers opening packages with a knife. stowers removed a pistol bb gun from one package and stuck it in his waistband. police were called and confronted stowers, who pulled the bb pistol from his pants and pointed it at officers. several officers opened fire and stowers was shot.
as the officer pulled to the curb in the 3800 block of north 25th street and began to get out of his truck, irons and terrell drove alongside and someone in the car shot at the officer. authorities said the officer returned fire and terrell beasley, 28, of the 4000 block of cleveland avenue, was killed during the shootout. beasley's body was found a few hours later in a burning vehicle in the 700 block of thrush avenue in the baden neighborhood. it's unclear whether terrell was armed or the one who shot the officer.
officer jason flanery was off-duty but in uniform on neighborhood patrol for a private security company. the officer said that myers ran away from a marked security car, and fired shots at flanery during a foot chase before the officer fired back. witnesses dispute this account, saying that vonderrit was unarmed and a gun was planted at the scene. myers' dna was not found on the gun.
when police responded to a second report of "man with shotgun", they say willis' vehicle drove directly toward them and hit two police vehicles. he then jumped out of the car and after a short foot chase he reportedly pointed his rifle or shot at them. two officers shot at him approx. 25 times, killing him.
even after a grand jury hearing, details are unclear. brown had either battered a police officer, or was innocently walking down the street with a friend. witnesses say he was unarmed, with his hands in the air, and the officer shot him more than eight times.his death touched off months of protests around the united states.
detectives were in pursuit of the deceased and were able to disable his vehicle. after a brief foot chase, police say the suspect pointed a gun at their direction at which time the officers opened fire multiple times causing death.
hall ignored orders from officers to drop his weapon. officers then opened fire on hall, killing him.
police report that they went to afolabi's home after his ex-wife reported a domestic disturbance at her home, and saw him pulling his van into his driveway. they initially reported that he rammed their van, and that he "showed a handgun and they fired one shot striking the suspect in the head, killing him". they later reported that afolabi shot himself in the head. a neighbor witness said "i observed the officer telling the guy to stop he was backing up real slow in his driveway and the one officer just opened fire on him."
police chief sam dotson said police observed what they thought was a hand-to-hand drug deal on mcmillan avenue and tried to stop the vehicle.the fleeing car crashed a few blocks away, at north taylor and garfield avenues, and the driver began shooting at police, hitting one officer in the left foot, police said. two officers returned fire, killing the driver, jared harris
it was about 11:15 monday night when police say the 36-year-old off duty deputy and a female friend, 23, were jogging near the grand basin in forest park. police say three men wearing hoodies with bandanas covering their mouths and noses approached, pulled at least one gun, and threatened the lives of their would-be victims. that‰Ûªs when the deputy pulled his service weapon and opened fire. one of the suspects, 18-year-old antonio nash, was hit three times in the lower abdomen. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
william dupree was shot during an altercation in front of dupree‰Ûªs house. the shooting happened when off-duty pagedale officer james little came to the house to drop off a child he shares with dupree‰Ûªs fiancÌ©e. the two men got in an argument, police said, which turned physical. little then shot dupree multiple times in the head, according to police. dupree died at the scene.
police say, officers were conducting hot-spot policing downtown when they noticed two suspects inside a car. the suspects then drove away from the scene. police said they saw the same car near the intersection of 9th and carr. authorities said the suspects attempted to drive away from the scene, but hit a parked car. police said the 25-year-old passenger then jumped out of the car and ran. he turned around and pointed a .45 automatic weapon with an extended clip at them and at that point, the officers fired shots, killing him.
police were called to a home for a report of a domestic disturbance and shooting. when officers arrived they found 32-year-old nichole haynes dead at the scene of gunshot wounds, and her 15-year-old daughter wounded. officers found the suspect's vehicle and attempted to apprehend him. anderson allegedly put his vehicle in reverse, and started to drive at the officers while pointing a gun. two officers, fearing for their lives, shot and killed anderson.
two st. louis patrolmen, working part-time jobs for mardi gras inc., responded to a report of gunfire. when they arrived, they observed roberson brandishing a handgun. the officers ordered him to drop the gun; he instead turned and pointed it in their direction. both officers fired shots, wounding the man. he was transported to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
police were called to lenor k. sullivan and biddle after receiving a call about suspicious vehicles possibly involved in a drug transaction. on performing a traffic stop, officers found that noroian had an active warrant and and officer tried to arrest him. noroian allegedly grabbed the officer's gun getting it out of the holster. the two continued to struggle until the officer shot him in the side.
an off-duty st louis police officer shot and killed thomas inside a white castle restaurant as he allegedly tried to rob the business with a bb gun. two off duty officers observed the suspect pull a gun on an employee and when he did not drop the gun as instructed one of the deputies shot him in the abdomen. thomas was pronounced dead at the hospital.
the boy, who was a hoopa tribal member, crashed his car into a telephone pole at approx 2 a.m., chp responded. officer claims the boy attacked him with a machete, in the midst of a "good conversation." officer shot him and went back to his car & called for assistance. second officer came to the scene and found the boy naked & unarmed on the ground, bleeding out from gunshot wound and unresponsive. tasered him a few times, and between the two officers and the help of two unnamed "good samaritans" they wrestled the boy into handcuffs. he died 10 minutes later, while waiting for an ambulance.
from the epd press release: officers from the eureka police department were looking for two subjects wanted on felony warrants.an officer observed two men arguing. one of the men appeared have a handgun. fearing the argument was escalating, he summoned additional officers who then confronted the man with the gun. as officers gave commands to the man with the gun which was now visible, the subject grabbed for the gun. a eureka police officer fired his weapon killing him.
when swat officers approached the car after a chase, they say krout obeyed their order to get out. he opened the door, stood up in an aggressive tactical position towards the officers, raised his weapon at swat officers and was fired upon.
pinson resisted arrest and pulled out a gun, so the police shot him dead.
brantley invaded a home and allegedly threatened the female resident with a knife and stabbed a male resident who had tried to arm himself with a shotgun. police arrived on the scene and confronted the suspect and brantley was shot.
walsh was driving recklessly and was involved in a car crash. he exited his vehicle after the crash and walked up the driveway of a residence with a gun. police ordered him to stop and walsh pointed the gun at the officer. the officer shot him.
after robbing an electronic store, parker allegedly began firing at the officers without warning. officers returned fire, police said, and parker was struck and killed.
anaheim police was searching for suspects to search for three suspects. two suspects took off running, but moreno pulled a handgun out and shot a k-9. police fired back, killing moreno.
officers were called to the area of red hill avenue and nisson road for a domestic disturbance. at the apartment building, officers confronted the man, who appeared to be holding a weapon. the man was armed with a knife. multiple officers fired their weapons. paramedics took him to western medical center santa ana where he died from his injuries.
officials say deputies saw 21-year-old connor zion stab his mother and roommate.that's when one of the deputies got too close. one of the deputies was stabbed by the suspect, another deputy shot and fatally wounded the suspect.
marquez was shot by a huntington beach police officer after he was exiting a vehicle while brandishing a firearm.[78]
police officers say the unarmed homeless man got into a confrontation with a santa ana police officer and took off running. what led to the police officer opening fire is under investigation.
police opened fire on gonzalez after an officer encountered her in an alley and saw her with what appeared to be a gun. a replica firearm was found near gonzalez‰Ûªs body after the shooting. gonzalez had been wanted by police in the city of orange in connection with the murder of her longtime partner, jennifer solario, after shouting was heard inside their shared home.
a caller notified the fullerton police department that an employee was allegedly assaulting his boss. the suspect appeared to be gone when the officers arrived. when buckles returned and raised a gun, the officer fired to protect himself and others present. the coroner later ruled the death a suicide.
officer brian chambers responded to a "man with knife" call from the woman who owned the home at which brewer was staying. chambers reports that brewer was holding a box cutter in front of the home, and that he saw him "reach toward his pocket." chambers ordered brewer to put his hands up and reports that he instead confronted him, walked toward him and gave him an ‰ÛÏintense stare". chambers shot him three times in the chest.
gang detectives, who were looking for someone in the area, saw two vehicles stopped in the middle of the street, and a group of men inside and outside the cars. officers got into an altercation with one man, who police had documented as a gang member. during the altercation, police shot gerardo diego ayala, who died at a hospital several hours later.
jason erling hallstrom, 41 was the passenger in an allegedly stolen car driven by travis stuart mock, 29. police attempted to pull over the vehicle traveling northbound on the 5 freeway. it pulled off at north grand avenue and continued north to east 15th street, crashing into a curb. passengers tried to escape on foot, firing at officers who shot in return striking both men. both were taken to western medical center in santa ana; hallstrom died march 23rd. hallstrom, before his death, was charged with a felony count of unlawful taking of a vehicle and a misdemeanor count of resisting a public or peace officer.
officers on patrol attempted to speak to a suspicious person in the back seat of a car. the suspect jumped into the front seat and drove towards the officers who then fatally shot him.
police said officers responded to a call of a suspicious vehicle outside the learning lodge day care center in ramsey. when they arrived, havenor jumped out of the car and began running away. according to police reports, havenor pulled a gun as the officers chased him. dixon and webb told him to stop and drop the gun. when he didn't, they shot him. the toxicology report for havenor showed he had amphetamine and methamphetamine in his blood. a round was found in the chamber of his pistol, according to the attorney's office.
officers were on routine patrol and encountered this suspect. at some point the suspect produced a handgun and shots were exchanged.
a well-known white supremacist was shot and killed after a confrontation with a deputy early wednesday in tacoma, investigators said.
burch was shot in a traffic stop when police "knew" he was wanted for a federal drug charge and identity theft warrant. shot after macing officers, who punched him first.
lakewood police were looking for o'meara for an outstanding felony theft warrant. they found him at his mother's house. officers knocked on his door and announced they were police. at the same time, other officers standing near the side of the house spotted o'meara inside holding what appeared to be a handgun. police say they repeatedly told o'meara to drop the gun, but he refused. two officers then opened fire, killing him. he had a cap gun.
a 16-year-old robbery suspect was shot and killed by police in nashville when he opened fire on officers who tried to use a stun gun to subdue him, authorities said.
a sergeant shot his wife before turning the gun on himself in a murder suicide. midland police say sgt. simpson most recently worked in the traffic division and had been employed with the department for more than nine years, also serving patrol and k-9 assignments throughout his career.
garnett was robbing a restaurant. an off-duty detective confronted garnett. garnett pointed a gun at the detective, prompting him to shoot garnett.
police claim man was reaching for a loaded handgun when officers opened fire. "i would like to know why the police, law enforcement, has the right to kill instead of disabling," the victim's mother tanya dickerson said. "it has to stop, this is enough already."
victim shot at police officers who returned fire, killing him.
two 15th district officers responded to a tripped security alarm at a home on the 900 block of wakeling street. when they knocked on the door a man answered and told them everything was ok with him, the other man in the home and a woman in the home. since the man wasn‰Ûªt the homeowner, the officers asked to speak to a female resident who said everything was ok but signaled to the officers that that wasn‰Ûªt the case. police said that the man then pointed a gun at the officer‰Ûªs head. the suspect shot three times, said investigators. police returned fire, killing him.
an officer witnessed a strong armed robbery in action. when he intervened, the suspect punched him several times in the face. the officer pulled his tasered the suspect two times, but it had no effect. the suspect ran off with a stolen phone and a wad of cash. the officer gave chase. the suspect picked up the officer and slammed him violently onto the concrete. the officer took out his gun and told the suspect to get on the ground. he refused, and the officer shot him.
an officer attempting to pull over a vehicle driven by mcdaniels began pursuing the car after the 19-year-old refused to stop. mcdaniels eventually crashed the car and was fatally shot by police after pointing a gun at an officer.
a 22nd district officer was trying to stop a 2001 buick lesabre. according to police, the driver of the buick refused to stop and accelerated. police pursued the car and called in for backup. during the chase, investigators say the buick crashed into a minivan carrying a family of five before striking a building near n 22nd street and glenwood avenue. police said a passenger got out and pointed a gun at the officer, who opened fire, hitting the 19-year-old man multiple times in the torso, ,killing him.
police and fbi received information that hammond and another man wanted for robbery and homicide were in the area of musgrave and montana streets. police and fbi arrived and the suspects fired on police and agents. they returned fire and killed hammond.
according to police, an officer stopped in the city‰Ûªs germantown section to check on curfew violations. while the officer sat in his car two men got out of the nissan and began running north up wayne avenue. the driver of the car got out and started shooting at the fleeing men. the startled officer responded by jumping out of his vehicle and ordering the suspect to drop the gun. police say the suspect apparently didn‰Ûªt know it was a police car that pulled in behind him, and continued to shoot at the men running from the car. the officer then opened fire on the gunman, killing him.
officers responded to calls of a person with a knife, finding the suspect running along robbins and castor avenues. one officer used his vehicle to knock the suspect to the ground, then ordered him to drop the knife. the suspect advanced towards the officers, leading them to fire at the suspect. he was later pronounced dead at a local hospital. a use of force board for the shooting was scheduled for july 2014.
police were called to the 5600 block wyalusing avenue after receiving a report of a man armed with a gun. when they arrived, police say they found a gunman as well as another suspect who was with him. the responding officers began to chase after the suspects, according to investigators. the suspect allegedly ran into an suv and then pointed his gun at the officers. officials say the officers opened fire, striking the suspect in the chest.
police say lomax ran from officers who were responding to calls about a man with a gun before aiming his gun at them.
police killed a man when he allegedly pulled out a gun while they were pursuing him for an unspecified reason.
uniformed officers in a marked patrol vehicle responded to a radio call for a ‰ÛÏperson screaming, person with a weapon.‰Û upon arrival, the officers observed a male straddling a female with a knife at her neck. the offender stood-up and came toward the officers with the knife in his hand. the officers ordered the offender to drop the knife, but he did not. one officer discharged his weapon, striking the offender. the offender was pronounced dead at the scene. unbelievably, philadelphia police do not identify people they kill or the officers who kill them.
officers spotted a "suspicious male" coming out of an alleyway and wanted to talk to him about recent burglaries in the area. the suspect ran and officers pursued him, one tackling him to the ground. at that time the suspect allegedly pulled out a .22-caliber taurus revolver and shot at the officer. both officers fired at washington, killing him.
plain clothes officers in an alley were investigating an armed home invasion when they spotted a man who matched the suspect's description. the man fled. police report they fatally shot him when he pointed an object at them. no weapons were recovered at the scene. family members report banks was walking home from a birthday party.
officers called to scene of disturbance. man inside house fired at officers who returned fire, killing suspect.
officers said sulton rammed a patrol car, then got out and ran. investigators said sulton turned around and began firing at police. three officers from ridgeland and one from madison returned fire, killing sulton, according to police.
harris fatally shot his 29-year-old stepdaughter, then fled about a block away to a nearby coin laundry. local and county officers tracked and killed him there after he refused to surrender.
three officers were responding to a domestic dispute at the time when one of them shot and killed logan hall.
after more than an hour, officers attempted to apprehend the man from his car. the man reportedly responded by pointing a pistol at officers and was in turn shot by akers.
phillips was wanted in connection to a murder. he was found at a wendy's. during the arrest phillips reportedly acted as if he had a weapon. the officer responded by shooting and killing phillips. phillips had no real weapon, but a cellphone and hair brush.
evans died of a gunshot wound sustained in a raid at his home conducted by the fbi and local officers. he was wanted on charges of possessing and trading in child pornography. officials did not disclose the specific reason for the shooting.
the suspect was actively pointing the handgun at bystanders and at police on the scene. officers repeatedly asked the suspect to drop the weapon. the suspect refused these orders, and was then shot by officers on the scene.
police undergoing a check welfare call fatally shot delong after the 56-year-old charged at police with a knife in an apartment hallway. the county district attorney declined to charge the officers involved with any crime.
jowers was suspected of stabbing somebody. when he was confronted by officers he didn't comply with orders to drop the knife and then reportedly charged officers - resulting in officers shooting and killing him.
vanosdall, a parolee, was breaking into an acquaintance's house with a chainsaw. when officers arrived, he shot at them. they returned fire, killing him.
faison was being a served a warrant for his arrest. after a short scuffle fasion was shot and killed. police allege faison had a gun, but didn't say whether he was holding it at the time or if it was being pointed at officers. ‰ÛÏit's got to stop. got to stop. it happened in our small town," said faison's cousin. shatara farrow, another cousin said, "cops just shot him for no reason. we don‰Ûªt understand why at all.‰Û
"soon after john laco fired a shotgun in the parking lot of the lake station municipal complex on tuesday morning, three officers said they arrived to find him sitting in his car, pointing the 16-gauge shotgun barrel out of the window. after being instructed to drop his weapon, police say laco stepped out of the vehicle and pointed the weapon at the officers, who fired multiple times."
after being instructed to drop his weapon, police allege laco stepped out of the vehicle, pointed his weapon at the officers and rifled off multiple shots, misfiring and breaking a library window instead. laco was struck and killed by police gunfire on the scene.
police responding to a domestic disturbance fatally shot brown after he stabbed his wife and brandished two knives at police.
moss was shot by a correctional officer after the 23-year-old threw a cup of water at the officer's car. the officer was convicted of first degree murder.
gurley was in stairwell of his building by rookie cop who was not supposed to be patrolling that building. cop entered stairwell with gun drawn although there had been no threat to him from anyone.
carvajal was killed when he was shot by police officers as he attacked rafael laureano and his girlfriend with a knife. laureano was accidentally shot and killed as well.
rafael laureano died when he was hit by a bullet from police officers who were firing at francisco carvajal who had attacked laureano and his girlfriend with a knife.
naim owens, 22, grazed officer john hirschberger in the left thigh while fleeing police. during the pursuit, cops shot owens once in the upper back, and he was rushed to kings county hospital, where he suffered complications during surgery and died from internal bleeding.
police interrupted a mugging. the suspect shot at them, so they returned fire, shooting and killing him.
off duty police kills 1-year-old child, boyfriend and self.
off duty police kills 1-year-old child, boyfriend and self.
when the officers were noticed by the group of young men, they saw kimani fidget with his waistband and then break away from the group and act suspiciously, police said. two officers exited their vehicle and attempted to speak with the young man around 11:25 p.m., according to police, when kimani allegedly turned on them and pointed a .38 caliber pistol at the cops.
nypd plainclothes transit police approached jourdan after seeing him move from one subway car to another, a violation. jourdan responded by pulling a 9mm pistol and firing on both officers, wounding one seriously. the other returned fire and shot jourdan to death. he'd had significant mental health issues and an extensive arrest record, unknown to the officers.
washington said minier had his hands raised with the gun in the air, "like, 'i got a gun on me.' he was showing them."
detectives who confronted the suspect were trying to arrest him. police first used a taser, and when the suspect went for his waistband, an officer fired his weapon. a gun was found on the man. 
officers responded to call about a man walking along the freeway holding an assault rifle. officers arrived and shot the victim in the back. it was later learned that the victim was holding a pellet gun. the details of the shooting remain "sketchy," according to wilson's family.
cross reportedly was running from an officer and fired gun shots at the officer. the officer then shot and killed cross.
vigil was asked questions by officers when he became combative and stabbed an officer in the thigh. vigil was shot and killed.
cody david winters and natasha galenn jackson terrorized a southeast las vegas neighborhood, choosing their victims at random in a frantic attempt to escape capture. eventually, winters broke a window and entered a home on almondwood dr. he demanded car keys from the woman who lived there, shot her in the stomach and dragged her outside as a hostage. when the wounded woman fell to the ground, officers shot and killed winters.
johnson was in a confrontation with officers when he pulled out a fake gun. officers responded by shooting and killing johnson.
goldberg was stabbing a woman. officers shot goldberg. goldberg died three hours later.
marone was firing a gun inside. he then went outside and fired at officers, resulting in officers retuning fire, killing marone.
husband and wife ultra-conservative team attacked and killed two law enforcement officers and fled to wal-mart. the wife, amanda, committed suicide after being shot. police shot and killed jerad miller.
wadsworth shot at officers, officers returned fire, killing wadsworth.
after threatening a number of skydiving employees with a gun, tate was shot and killed by police after chambering a round into a shotgun pointed toward officers. tate had no prior criminal history, and had earlier talked about having a bomb in his rv.
after an early-morning confrontation with an officer, the homeless robinson was shot and killed in the backyard of an abandoned house. robinson was armed with a knife at the time of the shooting. he was shot in the back.
heki was firing a shotgun and police officers fired many rounds killing heki.
edward john scheboth pulled up on henderson police at a car crash scene on boulder highway and opened fire in what authorities called an "ambush." officers returned fire and killed him.
an underwear-clad man who barricaded himself inside a south valley home. two officers fired shots. the man died later at university medical center. according to police, a resident in the 9000 block crystal rock circle, near las vegas boulevard and pebble road, came home about 5 p.m. to find a man wearing only underwear sitting on his couch with a large knife. swat units tried unsuccessfully to negotiate with the man, and police shot him when he ran at officers entering the front of the house.
fbi agents and members of the criminal apprehension team task force tracked violent fugitive javier reyes to a home and moved in to make an arrest. he ran through the neighborhood before going down in a shootout with authorities. reyes died soon after at university medical center. reyes had been wanted in a pair of violent attacks on his ex-girlfriend. an fbi agent was hit in his bullet-proof vest with shrapnel during the gunfight but was not seriously hurt.
las vegas police shot and killed roberto antonio torres, who was wanted after shooting his girlfriend in the face. torres was standing with a man and a woman when officers joseph parra and scott thomas approached. torres pulled out a handgun and fired at the officers. they returned fire, killing torres. the man and woman were both shot and wounded. they were selling a car to torres.
both child and mother killed during a domestic dispute by their husband/father who was a las vegas police lieutenant. subject then set fire to the house, called 911 and waited for officers to arrive after which he stepped inside and shot himself.
wife and child (maximillian) killed during a domestic dispute incident by their husband/father who was a las vegas police lieutenant. subject then set fire to the house, called 911 and waited for officers to arrive after which he stepped inside and shot himself.
police responding to a number of 911 man-with-a-gun calls found merritt on a porch with a handgun. police fatally shot him, but initially would not disclose how many deputies were at the scene, how many shots were fired, or other details.
a deputy was responding to a report of a man attempting to break into homes and cars. when he confronted the suspect, a fight ensued, and then the deputy shot the suspect. no weapon was found at the scene.
okc pd tried to pull over a guy in a vehicle. the guy drove for a couple of blocks and crashed into the fence of an apartment complex. he exited the vehicle and ran through the complex. officers gave chase and shot the man after he brandished a firearm at them, okc pd claims.
police responded to a robbery at 7-eleven and an officer found sherbon, who fit the robber‰Ûªs description. he attempted to detain him. they fought and sherbon took hynd‰Ûªs gun and fired at the officer, missing him. other officers arrived, and a gunfight took place, with sherbon being shot and killed.
members of the oklahoma city metro fugitive squad were trying to serve an armed robbery warrant to watters at his residence. they saw him in his vehicle with a female passenger. they called police and watters led police on a chase. when watters left his vehicle and ran into a creek. police went after him and after seeing him holding a gun, they fired at him. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
local police responding to a burglary call flushed out salazar, who led them on a high-speed chase. after his vehicle came to a stop on the side of the interstate salazar continued to flee on foot. officers set a police dog on him, which he stabbed, causing officers to fatally shoot him in the back. physical evidence from salazar's autopsy contradicted the police story. much of the press focused on the suffering and death of the heroic dog.
larue allegedly stole a car and lead police on a lengthy low-speed chase before pulling over and brandishing a knife. police fatally shot the 33-year-old after tasing and firing bean bag rounds at him to no avail.
troopers began pursuing sumner after he ran a stop sign, ending several miles later. sumner exchanged gunfire with troopers and injured two before being shot and killed.
two officers were patrolling looking for criminal activity when they spotted williams standing near a 7-eleven store. when the officers approached williams, he ran into traffic, crossing a four-lane intersection. during the pursuit, one officer approached williams on foot, and the other pursued williams in his patrol car. williams fired at cortez as he approached him on foot. cortez returned fire striking williams several times. he died at the scene.
officers report they were randomly searching for stolen cars and spotted ramirez with a woman inside a stolen vehicle. the two ran. police state ramirez had a gun and crossed into a freeway. when he allegedly pointed the gun at traffic and at police, detective sgt. tony foreman and officer samuel pagel shot him.
brian simms was outside of a concert in his car, allegedly passed out. off duty police officers who were wearing their state police uniforms but were on leave said something about him having a gun in his waistband, he "didn't comply" another individual attending the concert said they heard eight gunshots fired. "the officers saw a gun in the man's waistband and gave him orders regarding the weapon. when he didn't comply, one of the officers shot him..."
cooper was shot and killed after officers responded to a possible disturbance call.
stout was shot and killed by okcpd officers after attempting to flee the scene where a warrant was being served by us marshals.
stout was shot and killed by okcpd officers after attempting to flee the scene where a warrant was being served by us marshals.
schamel was struck by the car patterson was driving. as he rolled over the hood of the car, schamel fired his gun, police said.
shot dead by san leandro police after she allegedly rammed several police cars at the end of a chase.
alameda county deputy thoms fatally shot jacorey calhoun, 23, on aug. 3 near 105th and edes avenues after calhoun allegedly fled from an oakland police car stop. officers had tried to stop calhoun as he drove a 2001 volvo near 55th and fairfax avenues in east oakland. the volvo was connected to a home-invasion robbery july 12.
milton was violently beating his girlfriends head against against a car when a deputy shot and killed him.
mestas led officers on a chase in a stolen suv through east oakland after they attempted to pull him over. officers fired and hit mestas after he fled the vehicle while holding a loaded handgun.
officers pulled over munguia's suv for not having license plates, leading the 21-year-old to flee with a loaded handgun. officers with a police dog were able to catch up to munguia, and shot him after he pointed his gun at them.
police shot and killed a man wielding a pipe.
a domestic violence suspect was fatally shot by police in his apartment after charging at officers with a knife.
an off-duty alameda county sheriff's deputy fatally shot a gunman inside an alameda grocery store during an attempted robbery.
police received information that someone in a vehicle was armed with a gun. when they tried to pull the vehicle over, the driver sped away. after pursuit, the vehicle stopped and the three men inside fled in different directions. peters was shot and killed. a handgun stolen from georgia was discovered nearby.
huggins, from modesto, was fatally shot by an alameda county sheriff's deputy after he refused to get out of the vehicle and drove off, dragging one of those deputies, who had been trying to undo huggins' seat belt.
shawn stoddard-nunez died when a hayward police officer fired into the passenger side of a car he was riding in. two of the shots struck him, one of them killing him, as the officer emptied his service weapon. police say the officer fired because he believed the driver of the car, arthur pakman, was going to run him down as the officer stood outside his police cruiser.
smith was pulled over by officers and attempted to flee, police say. police shot and killed him after he allegedly pointed a gun at officers.
trent woods police officers were attempting to serve misdemeanor larceny warrants to snyder when he pulled out a gun. the officers then opened fire, killing snyder.
u.s. marshals went to 61-year-old joseph glenn folsom jr.'s home near lake wateree when he failed to report to prison. folsom was convicted in june of interstate transportation of stolen money. once officers went inside inside the home, shots were fired, and folsom was killed.
two hugo police officers and two choctaw county sheriff's deputies fired their weapons after william lee honea exited the stolen pickup and raised a rifle at officers. 
local police responding to a burglary call found cordero rivera sitting in his car in the driveway. officers approached, saw a weapon, and fatally shot him.
county deputies attempted to serve a warrant to lewis at his apartment complex, as the climax of a two-week narcotics investigation. according to police, at his doorway lewis pointed a gun, and at least two officers responded with gunfire. he was shot several times and died at the scene.
orlando police said the woman who was shot and killed in a club in downtown orlando was struck by a stray bullet from an officer's gun.
county deputies performed a mid-morning "controlled delivery" of a package containing marijuana to carter's residence. when usaf veteran carter came out to retrieve it, undercover officers tried to arrest him. this developed into an armed standoff and firefight as carter barricaded himself inside the house and police locked down the neighborhood. he was found fatally wounded in his garage around noon.
rodgers and two accomplices robbed a deliveryman and stole his car, and were then pursued by police before the three attempted to flee. officers fatally shot rodgers after the stolen car was rammed into police vehicles.
an officer pulled over leggitt on suspicion of having fled an earlier traffic stop. as the officer approached on foot, leggitt allegedly put his car in reverse, "tried to run him down," and hit the patrol car. the officer then shot leggitt.
deputy ronald barba responded to a domestic disturbance call at dunphy's home. at the door, dunphy reportedly put her in a headlock, held what looked like a tool to her head, and threatened to kill her. barba reports that he repeatedly told dunphy to let her go and when he did not, barba shot and killed him.
according to orlando police, the incident began with an apparent armed robbery on amelia street near orange blossom trail. a witness spotted the suspected getaway vehicle on i-4 and officers conducted a traffic stop a short time later, police said. a short distance away, however, a gunman, later identified as a 24-year-old joseph paige, who was not involved in the traffic stop, was spotted in the middle of the highway, according to police. officers started talking to paige, but police said they were forced to fire at him, and he was pronounced dead at the scene.
todashev allegedly attacked an fbi agent during an interview about the boston marathon bombings and a triple homicide that took place in waltham, massachusetts on september 11, 2011.
officers initiated a traffic stop on a vehicle that had rammed a police vehicle multiple times and fled. orlando police department spokesman said the suspects' vehicle crashed at raleigh street and resource avenue. a passenger exchanged gunfire with police officers as he fled from the vehicle. as shots were fired, the driver, marquis james spencer, 21, was killed.
with a considerable small-time criminal record, diaz was acting erratically and aggressively near a motel in the early evening. responding county deputies shot him to death although diaz was armed only with a pellet gun.
police investigating a drug complaint at a recording studio reportedly opened the door, saw a gun on a table and fired after gamble's friend reached for it. gamble was shot in the stomach, and the second man was shot and wounded.
moller was fatally shot thursday afternoon about a quarter-mile from the small house she shared with her father, ronald. she had threatened to harm herself in a 30-minute telephone call to a medical facility and warned she had a gun. when she tried to drive away from the house, police used a spike mat to stop her car. as officers from south berwick and york approached the car, she got out, pointed a gun at them and was shot, police said.
raymond keith martinez was shot in front of a convenience store by west monroe police officer jody ledoux. mr. martinez, believed to be homeless at the time of his death, was a known personality in west monroe; he had a prior arrest for an incident where he walked into and then directed traffic while intoxicated.
a police officer late tuesday fatally shot a robbery suspect who charged at officers with a baseball bat and screwdriver, police said.
officers responded to a domestic disturbance call. david wyatt grayson was armed with a knife and holding a woman inside the home. grayson refused to let the woman go or to leave the house, so officers went inside the house, officials said. one officer shot and killed grayson.
police responding to a complaint found elliott covered in blood. after officers made contact, the man ‰ÛÏpresented a weapon (a sharp object of some kind) and attacked the officers," according to a police spokesman. elliott died of ‰ÛÏmultiple gunshot wounds,‰Û according to the medical examiner‰Ûªs office."
hernandez was a burglary suspect and he pointed a gun at officers. hernandez was shot and killed.
brandon lee melton's girlfriend was pregnant and leaving him. a friend was helping her move her stuff out of the house. the police officer who responded to the domestic violence call found the friend stabbed and bleeding and melton astride his pregnant wife on the front lawn, stabbing her repeatedly. the officer fired one shot, hitting melton in the head. he died several days later. both women survived the attack. a grand jury declined to indict the officer.
officers were attempting to take mcgee into custody on charges of evading, credit card abuse and felony parole violation burglary. he attempted to flee in a vehicle and hit several parked cars, then turned and began driving toward officers and bystanders. an officer fired into the vehicle.
a narcotics officer who fatally shot a suspect after he pointed a shotgun at officers executing a search warrant at a north fort worth house.
a county officer went to serve outstanding warrants on holland for unpaid child support. holland opened his apartment door with a gun in hand, and the deputy shot him to death.
an officer on routine patrol drove into a large shopping center parking lot a was flagged down by a security guard asking for help with a disturbance outside star saigon bar and grill. when the officer got out of his patrol car he saw a man firing into a group of people in the parking lot and that's when the officer shot the man, killing him, according to police.
fort worth police were called when neighbors heard screaming and threats to throw a woman off a balcony. officers responded and caught the man in the act of stabbing the woman. they shot and killed him to stop the stabbing.
police responding to burglar alarm shoot armed neighbor in his property.
officer responded to a holdup at a whataburger.the officer chased the fleeing gunman into a nearby residential neighborhood, where they exchanged fire. the officer was shot in the leg, and the suspect was shot multiple times. both were hospitalized, and smith died.
alberto morales escaped prison in texas after stabbing a detective with his eyeglasses. he was was fatally shot after refusing to cooperate with officers. he was shot in a wooded area of grapevine. police said morales used a sharp piece from his eyeglasses to stab a detective who was transferring him by car to nevada, where morales was to serve a sentence of 30 years to life after being convicted of a sexual assault.
officers responded to a police report that a fugitive was behind a building they happened to be at. upon discovering the suspect, he opened fire wounding an officer. the officers returned fire, fatally wounding the suspect.
grand prairie police responded to a felony theft call around 3:50 p.m. at the target at camp wisdom road and state highway 360, police said. one of the suspects fled on foot and crossed city lines into arlington, according to arlington police spokesman sgt. christopher cook. during the chase, the man ran across a freeway and into a parking lot at the tarrant county college southeast campus. the man got into a physical altercation with police that ended when a grand prairie officer shot him, cook said.
a traffic stop leads to a deadly shootout with oklahoma city police.
victim was speeding away from the scene of a drug deal sting and hit an officer who then opened fired and shot the driver of the vehicle.
jon sides was shot and killed by a warr acres police officer after a motorcycle chase that began in warr acres and ended in southwest oklahoma city.
browder was in a car, deputies told him to show them his hands and exit the vehicle. browder refused and reached at waistband. deputies feared he was reaching for a weapon and shot and killed browder. browder did not have a weapon on him.
mcdowell was shot and killed after officers pursued her car from the site of an alleged shoplifting. after being cornered on a dirt road, mcdowell rammed a police car and appeared poised to hit two officers on foot, which is when police opened fire. mcdowell was pronounced dead at the scene.
police were called to aldrich's home on a domestic call, and fatally shot the 24-year-old after he picked up a dropped taser and aimed it at officers.
rosendo gino rodriquez, 49, was fatally shot by mpd officers after he allegedly swung a machete at the police officers who had entered the home
pirtle was in a domestic situation, struggling over a semi-automatic weapon with others. when an officer arrived pirtle retrieved the weapon, ignored officer's commands to drop the weapon. pirtle was subsequently shot.
mcquilliams fired shots and tried to burn down the mexican consulate building. austin police ultimately shot and killed mcquilliams, ending the rampage.
jackson was shot and killed by charles kleinert, a police detective who was investigating a bank robbery. the detective shot jackson in the back of the neck after he allegedly fled and then struggled with the officer, according to an initial report. an amended report has since been filed which does not state that jackson fled or fought with kleinert. an investigation is pending.
bastrop county deputy mark garcia and investigator stephen broderick responded to a 911 call about a family disturbance. they found the suspect outside of his home, armed and repeatedly told cantu to drop the weapon. the suspect allegedly refused, and pointed the weapon at the deputies who shot and killed him at the scene.
schaefer called police to report being attacked by a pit bull in his yard that was not his. officer jonathan whitted shot and killed schaefer when he refused to surrender his pistol to the officer and allegedly pointed it at him. schaefer was an instructor at the austin rifle club.
police shot and killed the man who they say beat a woman to death with a hammer earlier at a home on st. lawrence street. the man's daughter told police her father did it. detroit police officers trailed the man to macy's cleaners in dearborn. police say he pulled a gun on officers, who then shot and killed him inside the business.
two detroit police officers spotted the man driving the wrong way on a one-way street. according to police, during the traffic stop, officers spotted what appeared to be drugs inside the vehicle. the man sped off with the officer hanging onto the side of the car. the officer managed to fire his gun, killing the suspect.
the victim allegedly tried to run over a police officer, and was later pursued by police into a house after crashing his vehicle. officers shot the man after he pulled a gun on officers.
reece was suspected of two carjackings in which two people had been shot and injured. when stopped, reece attempted to flee on foot and was shot by police. very few details are available about this shooting.
a scuffle apparently broke out at a gas station where the musician was selling cds. the off-duty officer shot and killed him, claiming he went for his gun.
roughsurface was suspected of pointing a gun at someone. officers searched for roughsurface and saw a silhouette of a man who had a gun. an officer fired at the silhouette. roughsurface was the one with the gun who was shot and killed by officers.
local police responding to a domestic dispute call said they were confronted with rogers holding a deadly weapon, so they shot him to death. rogers' large family and wife of 40 years disputed practically every element of the police narrative: they said rogers had no gun and there was no domestic dispute to begin with.
farmington police officer jeremy hill responded to a 911 call of domestic violence and was confronted by the suspect allegedly holding a machete. hill shot his weapon six times striking rey five times. rey was taken to san juan regional medical center and died of his wounds the next day.
an officer responded to a report by chavez that he had killed a woman. chavez aggressively approached the officer with a blunt impact weapon. the officer used a taser, which was ineffective. the officer then shot chavez in the leg and torso. chavez died at a local hospital. investigators could not find evidence of a woman having been killed and suspect that chavez made the call to lure police to his residence.
mark allan bartlett, 42, was killed after police say he brandished a gun at an officer in a threatening way when police were called out to a domestic disturbance.
off duty chris smith got in an argument with his wife amber noelle smith, he then shot and killed her then himself.
cormier barricaded himself in his condominium for more than five hours and took several pot shots at surrounding deputies, one of which struck a patrol car. police had responded to an early afternoon call from family members about his welfare. when cormier appeared to be fixing on a target, swat members fatally shot him.
deputies were called about a disturbance in a trailer park. when the deputies entered a home case confronted them with a knife, he refused to comply and was shot and killed.
tucker stabbed his mother to death. deputies arrived after tucker phoned 911. tucker stormed down the stairs with a 'dark object'. deputies ordered him to stop, he refused and deputies shot and killed tucker.
young claimed he had a bomb and lunged a knife toward va police. the officer shot and killed young. young did not have a bomb.
restaurant employees called 911 to report that kerr was "sweaty and nervous" and had a gun. officers followed his vehicle to a nearby parking lot, where they allege that he shot three times into their cruisers. officers matthew laliberte, scott kirpan, mark kruzell and matthew stringfellow returned fire, killing him.
the officers encountered lealann russell melder cooley when they went to check out a noise complaint. cooley, 46, was sitting in his screened porch. six officers approached as cooley had a gun in his hand and a shotgun nearby. after retreating briefly to his home when officers challenged him, cooley emerged with a rifle and pointed it at them. several of the officers fired at cooley, killing him.
saxton was arguing with his neighbor about their dogs barking. he had a gun in his waist band and a neighbor called the police. when the officers arrived he pointed the weapon at the officers and they shot and killed him. his 10 year old son was a witness.
officers confronted compton after locating him following a call that he was a suspect in the shooting of his girlfriend. compton retrieved a gun from his car and fired a round at two officers who then returned fire, killing compton.
a carjacker led police on a car chase, which ended when davis thomas crashed into three cars and officers shot him.
anwar was surrounded by ipd tactical forces when he tried to flee in a vehicle. as anwar reversed the vehicle towards officers they fired their weapons killing anwar.
officer michael dewilde, investigating an unrelated incident and possibly not in uniform, saw allen participating in what he thought was a drug deal and approached allen's vehicle as he got in. allen pulled away, hitting dewilde, who landed on the hood of the moving vehicle. from the hood, dewilde shot allen and was then thrown off. allen soon hit another vehicle on a highway. he died in the hospital a week later.
ramos attempted to rob an acquaintance at a gas station, then shot and killed him. an off-duty local officer just finishing up a private security shift at the adjacent wal-mart approached ramos, saw his handgun, and fatally shot him as ramos went for the weapon.
an officer shot douglas as he ran from police this morning in pleasant grove. douglas was a kidnapping suspect who snatched his two children from their mother after ramming her car.
responding to a report that gonzalez had stabbed his parents and grandmother, senior cpl. kevin gladden found him outside his home with two knives. when he was told to drop the knives and didn't, gladden shot him. gonzalez tried to get up and was tasered. he died on the way to the hospital.
unresponsive to police attempts at conversation, hodge had been walking in the neighborhood with a gun, shooting it, pointing it at others. he'd had frequent although relatively minor prior contacts with police. when he moved towards officers he was fatally shot.
may was shot by an off-duty police sergeant after the two got in an argument and then a fight in the parking lot of a restaurant. the shooting is still under investigation, but the sergeant has returned to work.
suspect charged police officer with a knife.
an off-duty police officer fatally shot bullard after seeing him stabbing another man. bullard was pronounced dead at the scene, and the officer was honored by the dallas police association for saving the man's life.
police say sgt. nick pitofsky, a crandall police officer, killed his wife vanessa. he is said to be the only suspect in the apparent murder-suicide.
barbour, a white high school sophomore, was parked in a stolen car early christmas morning when police attempted to question him. he sped away and after a short chase, ditched the car and fled on foot, firing shots at the officer from a 9 mm glock stolen in a residential burglary. the officer returned fire. no one was hit. later that afternoon, police cornered barbour and pleaded with him to give up. he refused, shooting at and injuring two officers. police then shot and killed barbour. the injured police recovered and a grand jury declined to indict the officers involved in the shooting.
police responded to a domestic disturbance at the home of munoz's ex-girlfriend, and arrived to find him sitting on the home's front porch. after a short struggle, munoz disarmed an officer's taser and refused to drop the weapon, leading police to shoot him.
officers approached peterson during a disturbance call. he led them on a foot chase before being shot and killed.
after a man broke into his home attempting burglarize hall, the 57-year-old shot the intruder and then threatened arriving officers with a handgun. hall was fatally shot after refusing to lower his weapon.
dallas and garland police officers opened fire friday afternoon on a man suspected of shooting his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend hours earlier at a garland quiktrip gas station. police say the suspect, dallas resident domingo soto, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
smith was fatally shot by an off-duty officer working as a security guard after threatening him with a crowbar smith shoplifted. smith was also a suspect in a carjacking several days earlier.
officers responded to a call of possible breaking and entering. arrived and ordered pineo from home, who then attacked. officers tasered and shot him.
police responded to a domestic disturbance where juarez was armed with a rifle and threatened to kill a family member. juarez fled the home and officers followed him, until he reached a home in the 600 block balleywood. juarez got out of his car and began shooting at the two officers, who returned fire. he died later in the hospital.
according to highland park police, officers responded to a 911 call from a driver saying a man on a motorcycle was following them. a motorcycle matching the description was found at a nearby shopping center. hartman returned to the motorcycle, but police say when they tried to question him, he ran off. he was handcuffed after a brief chase and placed into the back of a patrol car. hartman was able to escape the handcuffs where he was able to use a small firearm he still had on his person. the suspect fired one shot out of the patrol car. both officers shot, killing hartman.
off-duty police senior cpl. christopher timms was working security at a nightclub with fellow officers colwin dennis and arif khan, when he saw the suspect firing directly into the crowd with an automatic pistol and shot him to protect other club-goers. johnson was taken to parkland memorial hospital where he was pronounced dead.
officers had arranged to meet stoney e. rawlinson in a parking lot near skillman avenue and abrams road in connection with a murder investigation. he had allegedly killed his girlfriend samantha rasmus with a machete. when they arrived they found him armed in a vehicle. he refused to drop the weapon, and was shot and killed.
police responded to a call alleging that randall roden had assaulted someone. officers tasered roden twice. roden fired multiple shots with a weapon, wounding one officer, and was shot and killed by police.
eaves kidnapped a woman and broke into a home. when officers arrived a threatened them with a knife prompting the officers to shoot and kill eaves.
pueblo police and sheriff's deputies arrived at the gas station, looking for a person of interest in an assault that happened earlier that day. when they arrived, they found an armed man. a law enforcement official fired at the man and he died at the scene.
police responded to a call that gonzales was threatening two women at gunpoint in a home. gonzales fired a shot above one woman's head just as police arrived. gonzales ignored commands to drop his weapon and instead turned it on police. police opened fire, killing gonzales. pueblo county district attorney found shooting justified.
martinez shot a relative during an argument at his home. the relative escaped and called police. the swat team went to martinez' home, where they found him violent, suicidal and pressing a gun to his head. police tried to talk martinez down, but instead he pointed the gun at them. they opened fire, killing him on the spot. the 10th judicial district attorney‰Ûªs office declared the shooting justified.
the man shot and killed by vancouver police after setting his apartment on fire was brandishing an air soft gun made to look like an ar-15.
mosby, who was wanted by police for a number of burglaries, was found hiding in his parents house and engaged in a short standoff with a swat team. he was shot after leaving the home while holding a firearm.
combs was a suspect in three armed robberies within the prior month. on information that combs was armed and likely to act again soon, a swat team approached him in a commercial area around midnight, chased him on foot, then shot him to death as he appeared to draw a weapon. he'd actually had two guns on him.
france was an ex-con who had failed to check in with his community corrections officer, and had been considered a suspect in recent felony cases. when a multi-jurisdictional task force came for him, unarmed france struck another vehicle in an escape attempt, then "the situation was escalated by mr. france" according to officers, and he was shot dead.
iraq veteran, recipient of the bronze star medal, and firefighter wendt appeared on his front lawn with a weapon to confront local police, responding to an evening call about a suicidal man. wendt retreated into the house while swat members set up a perimeter. he then came back out to point his weapon at police. he was fatally shot.
sellars' own mother called police for help after he assaulted her. county officers arrived only to be swiftly attacked by sellars with a "very large samurai sword." he was fatally shot. reporting noted his criminal and prison record, and that he also used the spelling "sellers".
chrisman was pursued by police after two armed robberies and exchanged gunfire with officers, striking one, before shooting himself.
officers responded to a call involving a possible kidnapping. rodgers appeared to have been beating his girlfriend, who was locked in a bedroom for a day and a half. rodgerslet her go onto the porch to get fresh air, where she managed to send a text message to a family member in north carolina, who then called police. police arrived on scene, and rodgers fled. the chase led to a back yard three blocks away, where he confronted a detective in a back yard with some type of long metal item. the officer shot and killed him.
an officer responding to a domestic violence call fatally shot barbour after the 43-year-old threw a chair at the officer and resisted non-lethal attempts to detain him. prosecutors cleared the officer of any wrongdoing in february 2014.
involved in a hit and run edwards was followed to grant street by an off-duty officer. edwards then pointed a gun at investigators prompting officers to shoot and kill edwards.
police allege blunk sexually abused a minor and was in possession of child pornography. an officer and a detective visited blunk to interrogate him. during the interrogation, blunk pulled a gun he had hidden and threatened them. the detective warned him to put the gun down and when blunk didn't comply he shot and killed him. florida department of law enforcement found shooting justified.
an officer responding to a report of a stabbing reached the third floor of an apartment building and encountered a man running toward him. he shot nortonsen once in the chest.
police said the officers gave repeated commands to oquendo to exit his vehicle and show his hands, but he refused to comply. oquendo then put the car in reverse and accelerated toward the officers, striking a tree and the marked patrol vehicle, leesburg police said. dunagan fired at oquendo during the incident, striking and killing him.
sovereign citizen holley set his residence on fire as a trap for first responders, and made a mid-morning 911 call. dispatchers ignored system warnings and sent firefighters and police in. holley fired on and killed a county deputy. as more fire engines arrived and the house fire raged, holley engaged with officers in a 12-minute firefight, and was killed.
returning to florida state university where he'd taken a degree in 2005, may went to the library in the middle of the campus and began firing at random. he ended up shooting three people, critically wounding one of them, but was the only fatality of the incident when police arrived.
after allegedly committing robbery, jackson and arthur james, 40, fled by car. chased by police, they crashed into a tree and then ran on foot with police in pursuit. jackson allegedly shot at officers doug clark, steven britt, derek kidd, ray garcia, brian perry and matthew wagner, who then shot him 5-7 times, according to witnesses. jackson died in the hospital later that day. james was shot in the face at a separate location and arrested.
seaside police responding to a domestic violence call shot and killed 27-year-old nestor cruz-ciriaco who was wielding a sharp instrument and may have taken a small child hostage.
after alvarado broke into his grandfather's home and vandalized the place, family members called police to report the 40-year-old was on meth and wouldn't go back to prison. alvarado was shot by police after rushing at them while holding an object, later revealed to be a cellphone.
officers responding to a burglary call confronted mejia and shot him after he brandished a gardening shears. mejia's family filed a wrongful death suit against the city several days later.
chairez was a parolee at-large who was wanted for multiple felonies. deputies recognized chairez's car and tried to pull him over, but he led them on a high-speed chase. during the high-speed chase, california highway patrol officers described chairez as a burglary suspect. chairez was killed after he bailed out of the car and was running on foot with a female passenger. the woman was captured and arrested.
ruiz went on a crime spree that allegedly included a hit and run accident in which he shot at a chp motorcycle officer and the armed robbery of a restaurant. police confronted ruiz outside the restaurant. he attempted to go for his gun, and three officers shot and killed him. the weapon turned out to be an aersoft pellet gun.
a wanted parolee with past gang affiliations was shot and killed by a police task force friday in salinas after firing a shot and pointing two guns at an officer, a police spokesman said today. juan louis acuna, 30, of salinas, was shot multiple times after he raised the guns as members of a 10-officer task force tried to take him in, salinas police cmdr. vincent maiorana said. acuna had been wanted for failing to meet with his state parole officer and based on his background as a convict with gang enhancements was considered an absconded parolee at large and dangerous, maiorana said.
police say the car chase ended on washington street in downtown sonora. however, when snyder got out of his car, he opened fire at officers. snyder was fatally shot.
the shooting happened in the neighborhood near 11300 s. and 600 west. according to police they arrived on scene and went looking for the man someone had called in about. sometime later a neighbor says they heard about six shots and two officers standing by the man.‰ÛÏthe officer confronted mr. worthington in a horse corral, and during the confrontation multiple shots were fired,‰Û said officer sam winkler of the south jordan police department.
officers recieved a report that someone was waving a gun at a convenience store. upon arrival they mistook the suspect for taylor, who was wearing headphones when officers told him to get on the ground. taylor reached in his pocket and police opened fired - killing taylor.
angilau, a member of the tongan crip gang, was on trial in federal court on racketeering charges. as a witness testified against him, angilau rushed the witness stand with a pen or pencil in his hand. a u.s. marshal shot angilau multiple times, killing him. salt lake city's pacific islander community was angered by the shooting and questioned why deadly force was necessary. shooting is being investigated by fbi.
knight was the passenger in a car pulled over because of a broken headlight. police found out the driver's license was suspended with traffic-related warrants. one officer questioned knight to determine whether he could drive the car. when knight gave two different names, police became suspicious. knight refused to come out of the car, and an altercation ensued. police says knight pulled a gun and shot at the officers.
officers were looking for a parole violator. police said when the officers arrived ontiveros began firing shots at them. the officers ducked for cover and returned fire. ontiveros was shot and killed.
drive automobile down street unmarked truck rammed her auto head-on and another officer ran up behind her and shot her in the back of the head.
shreveport resident charles marcus mccauley, 35, was being escorted off campus because of his "peculiar behavior" when he revealed a handgun in a struggle with two centenary college department of public safety officers, prompting one of them to shoot him dead, according to police.
loughrey was suspected of killing a clarkton officer. deputies were called about a man who had a gun. when they arrived it was loughrey - he fired his gun at the deputies resulting in their retaliation and loughrey's death.
senath officer j. gentry responded to a domestic disturbance call, at which time the suspect allegedly punctured the officer's tires with a knife and approached him in an "aggressive and threatening manner." officer used pepper spray which had no impact, and then shot owens who was pronounced dead at the scene.
victim was officer's wife. news articles do not specify if officer was on duty at time, though murder weapon is believed to be police issued firearm.
shot to death in olive branch, miss., by memphis police and dea agents.
police said officers fatally shot hunter when he accelerated and hit two officers who had been checking his vehicle for ‰ÛÏsuspicious‰Û activity.
shot to death. police claim that when they stopped brock for an alleged incident of ‰ÛÏroad rage,‰Û they shot him because they thought he had a gun as he was approaching them. brock‰Ûªs son said his father had a mental illness and was taking medication for it.
a memphis police officer working as security at the wal-mart at 3950 austin peay saw a man shoplift merchandise and followed him out of the store, flagging down two on-duty officers in the parking lot. as the officers tried to talk to the suspect, he became irate and a struggle ensued. as the officers tried to restrain golden, he reached inside his waistband. the officers instructed him to show his hands but he refused, and suddenly spun around towards them. one officer fired one round, hitting the suspect.
shot to death after falling asleep in his car waiting for his girlfriend to come home from work. two police officers, who were called to the area on another matter, claimed that when they approached askew‰Ûªs car, he pointed a gun at them, and they killed him. askew was licensed to carry a gun. a video of the incident disputes the police version of events.
authorities say a deputy stopped burch, and he started cutting at his arms and neck. investigators say burch then fought with officers after being shocked with a taser, and a deputy fired two shots.
brown was wanted on warrants related to a robbery and murder of a grocery store manager earlier in april, and exchanged gunfire with deputies pursuing him. brown was shot and killed during the pursuit, and the shooting was later ruled justified.
an officer responding to a domestic dispute fatally shot mcnair after the 16-year-old allegedly pulled a gun on the officer. after a year-long investigation, the officer was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing.
during a traffic stop for a window-tint violation, graham, who was a passenger in the vehicle, exited, pursued by officer. graham turned, displaying a handgun, and officer shot him. graham was paralyzed, and died july 2 from a blot-clot related to injuries.
nijza lamar hagans was pulled over at a traffic stop. he bent to get his license and registration upon request of the officer. the officer says he saw a handgun protruding from hagans's pants pocket.
citrus county sheriff's office got a call about a woman trying to set her neighbor's truck on fire. when deputy jacob chenoweth arrived at the park entrance, the woman identified as dawn renee cameron, 46, charged at him, grabbed his taser, and pointed it at him, according to the citrus county sheriff's office. deputy chenoweth then shot cameron and kicked the taser away from her. paramedics treated the woman but she died shortly after midnight monday morning.
barclay was estranged from his wife and their 3-year-old son. he barged his way into her house with a handgun. a visiting friend escaped and called 911. when police arrived, with a full swat team, barclay refused to drop his weapon and instead shot at them. police returned fire, killing barclay.
after a disconnected 911 call officers arrived at a home to smelko pointing a gun at them. the police then shot and killed smelko.
police said davidson, 33, had threatened to kill employees at the nitto denko automotive factory in piqua. authorities said davidson also threatened to kill officers carter and stanley, and tried to pepper-spray them. stanley shot and killed him.
heath lunged at officers with a knife and was shot and killed.
authorities said a woman called police asking officers to get someone off her front yard. when the trooper stopped, the suspect started firing shots. the trooper ran back to his car and returned fire, hitting christopher horine.
police shot and killed a man in shelbyville on tuesday night after he barricaded himself inside his house and fired on officers "numerous times,"
miles was shot and killed in the immediate aftermath of his armed robbery of a market and a firefight with police. he had multiple outstanding felony warrants.
when police found borner in a stolen car investigation he bolted from the porch on foot, verbally threatened officers when reaching a dead end, ignored police commands, and reached for a black object as if it were a handgun. he was shot four times, two bullets fatally striking him in the chest. the object was a cell phone.
law enforcement reached the home to arrest tinker-smith for warrants and for being a felon in possession of a firearm. once they rolled up to the house, however, they saw him running into a building and heard what sounded like a single gunshot." swat was brought in. tinker fired at swat resulting in swat firing back, killing tinker.
for reasons unknown, undocumented christmas-tree-farm worker bermudez-arenas encountered a 20-year-old college football player at a 7-11 across from his school and stabbed him to death. awhile later bermudez-arenas returned to the convenience store -- according to his family, he was turning himself in -- and was shot to death by local police.
torres-elizondo fired a shot at an officer during a traffic stop. the officer returned six shots, killing him. his criminal record had included a number of drug convictions and outstanding warrants but no violent crimes.
when a boyceville police officer responded to the home a 33-year old woman came to the door carrying a rifle in her hand. when the officer told the woman to drop the rifle she refused and then pulled a handgun out and pointed it at the officer. detectives say that's when the officer fired one fatal round at the suspect.
after swat entered the home, grohn charged two officers and wrestled one to the ground. shot once by both officers.
mcnulty was a suspect in several local robberies. police tried to pull him over and his car veered off the road. police instructed him to exit vehicle, but suspect but car in reverse and drove toward officers. they shot him through the car's back window.
police attempted to pull over vehicle, which resulted in a high speed chase. villegas crashed into a pole and exited the vehicle. witnesses state that villegas refused to comply with officer's directions and shouted obsenities. ramiro then reached for his waist and was shot by three officers. another officer used his taser. some witnesses claimed that he raised his hands in the air. no weapon was recovered at the scene.
dozer was acting erratically at a gas station when he walked towards an officer. finding him to appear "aggressive", the officer shot and killed him.
maria rodriguez was on top of a stone pile at a stone manufacturing business. three officers arrived on the scene to persuade her to leave the business. maria then pulled out a replica of a gun and pointed it at the officers. officers then fired on maria, killing her. sheriffs initially identified the victim as sarah bustamante, but later retracted this name and identified the victim as maria rodriguez.
curtis lunged at a deputy with a knife and was subsequently shot and killed.
deputies attempted to pull over mcdaniel on a motorcycle for a vehicle code violation. he didn't stop, and there was a short pursuit in oildale until he crashed his motorcycle. witnesses say mcdaniel put his hands in the air to surrender, but police shot him. he was struck at least once and was later pronounced dead at kern medical center.
police received a call about a domestic dispute. when two police officers arrived, singh was outside and holding a firearm. he pointed the firearm at the police, and one of the officers fired five shots at him. singh was pronounced dead at kern medical center.
lytle was shot and killed after she failed to drop a dagger. she was threatening kern county sheriff's department deputies. lytle had an active no bail arrest warrant for a sheriff‰Ûªs parole violation. deputies were sent to her home in response to a call indicating lytle was brandishing a knife, breaking picture frames and other household items. deputies found lytle sitting inside and speaking incoherently.
munoz, suspected of murdering a woman and wounding a man in ridgecrest, was shot and killed by seven police officers during a car chase in the mojave desert. he fired on vehicles and held hostages in his car. the hostages were flown to a hospital in critical condition after being shot by munoz.
police fatally shot harger and jorge ramirez after an attempted traffic stop turned into a gunfight. the shooting deaths of the two were ruled justified.
jorge ramirez was working as an informant for the bpd. he let them know the location that he and the wanted suspect, justin harger, were going to be and when police stopped their vehicle ramirez attempted to exit the vehicle. police ordered him to stay, then harger opened fire on the officers and both men were shot dead.
blackburn was a stabbing suspect. he was shot and killed by a sheriff's deputy.
officers responded to reports of gunshots at an apartment complex and allegedly saw abel gurrola carrying a rifle. family members state that abel gurrola and his brother were shooting the rifle in a nearby empty lot to celebrate the new year but did nothing to warrant being shot. officers ordered him to drop the gun, but he refused and ran. officers were found to be within department policy and state and federal guidelines. family has filed wrongful death suit. gurrola left behind a wife and six young children.
officers tracked mccown to the chatterbox bar. they found him outside, set up a perimeter and tried to arrest him around 5:45p.m. but they say when they tried to take him into custody, mccown fired at officers. officers returned fire, killing mccown.
taylor asked the police to help keep an eye on his property after some burglaries. deputy ernest kevin ragland came to check the property and saw taylor with a handgun. mistaking him for a burglar, he fired 11 shots. one struck taylor, killing him. although ragland claims he identified himself and gave verbal commands before firing, taylor's wife cynthia ridinger claims he did not, and that the sheriff office tried to cover up ragland's misconduct. she filed a wrongful death lawsuit. as of 08/14, the lawsuit is pending, ridinger's lawyer also sued the blount county sheriff for failure to disclose all records regarding the case.
officers were dispatched after police received a 911 call reporting a man with a gun who had just invaded a home. police say the call was made by an adolescent who escaped from the house. when the officers arrived on-scene, they saw stafford, who fired at them while they were sitting in their police vehicle. the officers then returned fire, killing him.
boyd allegedly appeared at the home of his estranged wife and began following her, stabbing himself several times in the process. arriving officers shot boyd after he refused to drop the knife and brandished it at the officers.
two detectives responding to a domestic disturbance call were ambushed and shot at by mcneil, wounding the two officers. mcneil was shot and killed during the exchange.
avalos was suspected of stealing a car. he led police on a short car chase until he drove the car into a police vehicle. officers then shot and killed him.
during a search of a robbery suspect's apartment, smith was accidentally shot in the chest by an accompanying police officer. no criminal charges for the firing officer.
germaine was shot and killed after pointing a gun at officers during a police chase.
concord police were conducting surveillance of a suspect's home. detectives had obtained a warrant for burns for alleged drug sales, authorities said. during the stakeout, burns came out of his home and got into a truck driven by another man. as detectives tried to contact burns, the driver of the truck rammed an occupied police vehicle. burns then ran from the truck. two officers shot and killed him.
mcbrayar had a knife in his hand. he disobeyed officers orders to drop it. mcbrayar then pointed the knife in an officer's direction prompting an officer to shoot and kill him.
officers were called in on a report of a man pointing a gun at neighbors, and found johnston outside his home holding a realistic looking airsoft gun. the officers, unable to quickly discern that the gun was fake, shot johnston after he pointed the weapon at them.
police responded to a call of a suspicious person in the area of willow place. upon arrival, officers found a male suspect involved in a burglary in progress. a foot pursuit ensued of the suspect, and a taser device was deployed to stop the suspect. the male suspect brandished a gun at the officers. officers shot the suspect, and he was pronounced dead at the scene by medics.
police shot and killed a stolen car suspect.
police responded to a 911 call to a fire. when officers arrived the car port was burning and a woman was inside the home being stabbed by thanh do. officers then shot and killed thanh do.
carr attempted an armed robbery of a couple at an apartment complex. the woman called 911, and carr was immediately identified by responding local officers. he shot at those officers, and was killed in the resulting exchange of gunfire.
a tpd informer purchased approx. $160 of marijuana from westcott over 4 mo., reporting that he carried a gun. swat was deployed for search warrant, and when officers opened the door to westcott's bedroom, they found him on the other side with a loaded, 9mm taurus slim pistol. he was immediately shot by two officers as he was "raising his weapon," initially in his right shoulder. the search yielded only 0.2 grams ‰ÛÓ or about $2 worth ‰ÛÓ of pot.
bates sexually assaulted several women and terrorized party-goers before police found and began pursuing his vehicle. police and bates exchanged gunfire until the 24-year-old crashed his vehicle and was fatally shot by police.
according to the sheriff, the shooting happened while driggers was struggling with a detective over that detective's gun. he was being arrested to be questioned on charges of grand theft auto and fraudulent use of a credit card.
gary was shot and killed by an undercover deputy after an argument broke out between them during a crack cocaine deal. gary, with a long criminal record, had tried to rob him, then managed to get ahold of the officer's gun.
a 40-year-old woman confronted the officers with a knife when ann arbor police officers were dispatched to a home for a domestic disturbance, according to police. one officer shot and killed her, and the woman died at the scene, police say
the officers were responding to a call at a home on 16th street when the incident occurred. the man came outside with a knife and allegedly threatened to harm the officers. when he allegedly charged them, they shot him multiple times, anderson said.
suspect reportedly charged at officers with a sword who were responding to a 911 call of a man who was attempting to stab a woman.
police engaged in a standoff with broadway, and briefly exchanged gunfire with the 24-year-old before entering his apartment and finding him dead.
simonitch was allegedly wielding a baseball bat when officers arrived on a disturbance call. he was shot after police say he lunged at them with the bat.
shot and killed after stabbing a police officer.
young had a handgun. officials have not said if young threatened the deputies or released any other information about the events leading up to the shooting.
one of the deputies approached as the vehicle accelerated and drove toward him. fearing for his safety, the deputy fired several shots as he was struck and knocked to the ground by the car. the 27-year-old male driver suffered a gunshot wound and was pronounced deceased at the scene
police responded to a domestic disturbance. arquette fled in a vehicle, allegedly shooting at the pursuing officer. he allegedly stopped and continued shooting at the officer, who then shot arquette in the heart and leg.
investigators were executing a warrant at a home on township road 246 when they say they were confronted by ernest f. mcknight, jr, 64. they say mcknight pointed a weapon at them, and refused to put it down. sheriff jeff lawless said detective aaron bollinger, fearing for his life, shot mcknight.
officers received a call for two suspicious men who could be "casing" on orrin street near roslyn avenue. two officers arrived and confronted the men. police say one of the men became confrontational, so the officer attempted to take him into custody. during the struggle, police say shots were fired, killing thomas. witness says police were rough with his friend and shot him when he stood up and started to leave.
uapd officer had pulled the car over on a routine stop because of an improper registration. as he approached the vehicle, the driver produced a handgun, causing the officer to fire, police said.
anderson and his daughter had been taken to the hospital after a car accident. police were dispatched to hospital with reports of aggressive patient (anderson). anderson had a hand gun when police arrived, they ordered him to drop it, he refused. 2 officers fired 9 rounds hitting anderson multiple times.
nightingale's roommate called police to report him as a possible car thief. police arrived, nightingale answered the door with a handgun, would not drop his weapon, and was fatally shot four times.
police arriving on a call of a domestic disturbance found an injured woman along with sambuunyam chasing another person. the officers shot sambuunyam, who was under investigation for stalking, after he brandished a knife at them.
during a pursuit, police said a passenger exited the vehicle and fled on foot. the deputy then exited his vehicle and a foot chase ensued, leading to a physical altercation and exchange of gunfire. 
officer alon hackett was working a surveillance operation near 1st avenue and navajo road when he hit 49-year-old francisco galvez around 10:15 p.m. hackett was driving northbound on 1st avenue in an unmarked city of tucson vehicle when the bicyclist rode in front of the 2012 nissan pathfinder.
lopez was shot and killed after being suspected as being a smuggler and armed with weapons.
police responding to a report of shots fired encountered kerr on a sidewalk. kerr fired his rifle at an officer and struck the patrol car. the officer responded by shooting and killing kerr.
agents fired on and killed unarmed suspect arambula when he attempted to escape from a traffic stop on suspicion of distributing marijuana. after a 15-mile car chase and a foot chase through a pecan grove, the officer fired nine times and struck arambula once behind the left ear. stated justification: victim gestured as if he had a gun and the officer felt threatened. county officials refused to press charges.
officers robert soeder and allan meyer responded at approx 11pm to a landlord's call that tenants who had been served an eviction notice were still in the apartment. they knocked and identified themselves, then allegedly entered through the unlocked door. duncklee and a woman were sleeping in a bedroom. according to that woman, she and duncklee, who was possibly hard of hearing, thought the police were intruders. when he opened the bedroom door with a stick in his hand, meyer shot him several times and soeder shot him twice. they also shot and injured the woman.
police received an alarm call from the bank. contact was made with someone inside the bank who told authorities that a robbery was in progress. officers arrived and confronted the suspected robber outside the bank. shots were fired. the man, who had a gun, was shot. police officers performed cpr on the man, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
alvarez was suspected of bank robbery and was apprehended by police after fleeing the scene. he allegedly pointed something, later found to be a wrench-like tool, at the officers who then opened fire.
mitchell barricaded himself in his home. he was firing his gun towards swat. sgt. derek tyra fired back, killing mitchell.
a deputy was called to a tucson circle k on report of a person with a firearm. mcbride shot the officer in the leg before being fatally shot.
sosa was physically fighting with his sister, at times, holding a gun to her head. when officers arrived, he began walking toward them, pulling the gun out of his pants. they shot and killed him.
police found lopez crouching in a doghouse in the backyard of a home. a woman who lives in the home had called police to report suspicious activity. he was shot multiple times by two police officers after he failed to comply with commands to drop his weapon and instead raised it toward the officers, police said.
an officer responded to a report of an armed robbery. a suspect matching the description was chased in a vehicle until the suspect crashed. an altercation ensued during which the officer fatally shot the suspect.
none of the other men in the car or the officers, rondall carpenter and skylar graudick, were wounded. police did arrest two of the men in the car with mattingly. both were wanted on outstanding warrants
mendoza was the suspect in a string of crimes, a home invasion, attempted auto theft and shop break-in in one evening and evading police overnight. after midnight officers spotted a pickup driving recklessly, mendoza at the wheel. cornered on a dead-end road, he attempted to ram the police vehicle, and was shot to death.
lmpd tried to make a traffic stop on a vehicle mattingly and four other men were in. after the vehicle pulled into a driveway, mattingly got out, started running toward the house and fired at least one shot toward police; they returned fire, killing him.
officers attempted to pull martinez over for a traffic violation when the 29-year-old took off and lead police on a high speed chase. an officer fatally shot martinez after he failed to get out of his vehicle and was speeding toward a civilian car.
traylor, a parolee suspected of stabbing his girlfriend more than 30 times, was shot and killed by multiple fairfield police officers on highway 12 after he lunged at officers with a knife.
officers stopped weeden for a traffic violation. he fired shots at them. they fired back and weeden was hit several times, killing him.
walker was shot after he got out of his car and charged towards officers with a hammer and a knife.
taylor was in a police pursuit after a traffic stop. i backed up into an officer. an officer fired, taylor was was struck by the bullet and died later from his wound.
police responded to quincy alley after numerous callers reported a shooting. an officer arriving on the scene found a female victim down in the alley, and witnesses directed him to the suspect, standing behind a parked car. as the officer approached, the suspect pointed a handgun at him, prompting the officer to shoot and kill him.
according to vallejo police officials, the incident began when officers responded to reports of a loud fight on a boat. when they arrived, they contacted walker and shot him when he pointed a flare gun, modified to look like a shotgun, at an officer, officials said.
wearing a mask and armed with a shotgun, robinson attempted to rob a chinese restaurant. an off-duty correctional officer who was dining at the restaurant showed robinson his badge, but he continued to menace customers. the officer shot robinson three times, killing him. sheriff's office cleared officer, investigation pending.
a man entered a hospital in queens and brandished a knife at staff while asking for syringes. he left the hospital and police found him on the street. he tried to attack officers with the knife and police shot him
thompson, an islamic extremist, attacked officers with a hatchet and was subsequently shot and killed.
officers found a man armed with a gun and the man refused an order to drop his weapon, then pointed his gun at the officers; one of the officers then shot him. the 86-year-old gunman calvello, who was also deaf, was pronounced dead at a hospital. witnesses bryan garcia and eric soto were playing basketball across the street and saw the incident. '(cops) were yelling 'get out, get out!' and then he comes out with a gun, pointing at them. they said 'drop it, drop it!' loud, and he doesn't, so then we heard two shots, and he falls back into the doorway,"
jeffrey ragland was fatally shot by a city correction officer after he allegedly had relations with the woman both men had coveted.
sherlon smikle, an off-duty nypd officer fatally blasted his wife, lana morris, with a shotgun on their queens street, then went inside and turned the weapon on himself.
three haysville police officers responding to the report of an active domestic violence incident in a ground-floor apartment at village green apartments on tuesday came upon a suspect barricaded in a bedroom, holding a woman at knife point, haysville police said wednesday. when the armed man ‰ÛÒ identified by police as 40-year-old chad a. leichhardt ‰ÛÒ refused numerous commands to drop the knife and continued to threaten the woman, one of the officers fired a single shot, killing him.
911 called about a suicidal individual. randolph had a knife moving towards officers and shots were fired, killing randolph.
officers tried to stop a car on the highway. the suspect led officers on a chase for 10 miles. when the suspect pulled over, he ran into a wooded area. officers found a passenger in the car who was on probation for drug possession. officers went after patrick and when they caught up with, he pointed a gun at officers. officers fired at him.
edgewater officers responded to a 9-1-1 call of a disturbance. upon their arrival, edgewater sgt. john tarr and officer charles geiger encountered 34-year-old trevor silvia, who confronted them wielding a knife and making threats.the cops attempted to subdue silvia using a taser, but it had no impact in stopping silvia's forward charge, and they subsequently opened fire. silvia was transported by volusia county sheriff's air-one helicopter to halifax health hospital where he was later pronounced dead.
edwards was deaf. he had a licensed gun on him. a deputy told him to put the weapon down, but edwards could not hear him. the deputy felt threatened and shot and killed edwards.
pinkney allegedly robbed a tanning salon with an airsoft pistol and raped an employee. it is unclear how the alarm was set off. when pinkney spotted officers at the front door, he ran out of the back door into a parking lot and, as seen on raw footage, turned when he apparently heard south daytona police officer michael charla and daytona beach police officer tara cantrell behind him at the door shout something. "several shots were fired." he died shortly afterward at halifax hospital.
luke castello robbed a couple at a seedy daytona beach motel. police caught up with him in a wal-mart parking lot. after police caught up with him, he crashed on interstate 95 in a barrage of police bullets. port orange police officers ‰ÛÓ six in all ‰ÛÓ opened fire after he pulled a gun on them from the driver's seat of a stolen minivan wrecked on i-95 in volusia county.
deputies were searching for ramo because he allegedly raped a woman. they found him in a wooded area near la hwy 75. he had a gun and pointed it at deputies. two officers fired at him.
agents with the state police investigations bureau were looking for cisneros-chavez, who was a suspect in a $7,600 larceny case and had a warrant out for his arrest. they found cisneros-chavez in apartment 323 just before 9 p.m. multiple gunshots were fired. cisneros-chavez received fatal gunshot wounds and died of his injuries in the apartment
dartmouth police officers responded to a 911 caller who told operators a man had entered his ex-girlfriend‰Ûªs apartment and damaged her television and computer. when roman arrived at the apartment complex, officers said he was ordered to get out of his vehicle with his hands up. however, police said he grabbed one of two guns he was carrying and fired two shots. at that point, officers said they shot roman.
cepeda, a brownsville man wanted by willacy county authorities for the stabbing of another brownsville man was shot to death by brownsville police in the southernmost area of that city after he lunged at officers with an ax.
officers responded to a report of a domestic disturbance. they arrived to witness a man shoot a woman in the chest. the officers fatally shot the man.
gang detectives or a narcotics task force, suspecting roskelley of a prior non-fatal shooting, waited outside a home or followed his car to the home. when roskelley pulled his car into the driveway, "multiple officers closed in" and "multiple shots were fired". police claim he had a gun. roskelley was killed; his male passenger was unhurt, arrested and released.
simmons, who was wanted on drug warrants, barricaded himself inside a car in a west haven auto body shop. swat officers went into the shop and shot simmons when he allegedly pointed a gun at them.
magdaleno was suspected of burglarizing a residence in the eagle crest apartments while wearing a halloween mask and wielding a butcher knife.officers reportedly shot him with a stun gun, but he broke free. one of the three officers chasing magdaleno approached him, and he turned and started slashing at the officer with a knife, alvarado said. officers opened fire and killed him.
police said a hotel employee was confronted and threatened by the man with a gun.the employee then went inside and called police.three officers arrived at the scene and confronted the armed suspect. police said officers ordered him to put the weapon down, but he refused.the suspect allegedly threatened the officers, and that is when officers fired, killing him at the scene.
morales was fatally shot after threatening police with a knife outside his home. officers believe morales had earlier fatally stabbed his estranged ex-wife and another person.
police officials said saenz was handcuffed when he was shot while allegedly fighting with a police officer who was taking saenz to a hospital for a medical release. saenz had been arrested on assault charges.
myers was killed in a shootout with el paso police and a us border patrol agent. he was wanted for robbery charges in michigan.
lee was suspected of killing his wife. officers then found lee in a vehicle off the side of the road. officers negotiated with him, but lee pointed an object at officers that appeared to be a gun, promting the officers to shoot and kill lee.
barrera was involved in murdering two people. during a pursuit with barrera an officer shot barrera. barrera died at a hospital.
police shot terrell lucas, 22, during a robbery saturday night at a gamestop store. police said lucas burst out of a door waving a gun and that when he refused to put the gun down, he was shot.
goolsby shot and killed two of his friends then shot an officer who then returned fire, killing goolsby.
two indianapolis police officers were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide. sgt. ryan anders and officer kim carmack were found dead in her home. neighbors had reported hearing gunfire and called police. carmack had filed for a protective order against her ex-husband. anders went through the back patio door of carmack's two-story home and shot his ex-wife in the head and chest before fatally shooting himself.
after a welfare check, koster and police engaged in a short standoff after koster began acting strangely and pointing a gun at officers. police shot koster after he waved his gun at responding paramedics.
ferrell was in process of robbing an adult store when he encountered the responding officer outside on the sidewalk. the officer ordered him to the ground and tasered him twice when he did not comply. from the ground, ferrell then pointed his gun at the officer and fired shots, at which point the officered shot and killed him.
during a multi-agency drug task force "sting", two officers attempted to serve an arrest warrant at an apartment. guerrero reportedly "emerged from a closet pointing a gun" at the officers and ignored their commands to drop the gun. they shot and killed him.
byrdo was holding his girlfriend hostage. an officer entered brydos apartment. byrdo fatally shot the officer, but the officer was able to fire a few shots at byrdo. another officer encountered byrdo at the door - they exchanged gunfire. byrdo was killed.
walls was fatally shot by police after a failed carjacking attempt, leading police to track down and shoot the 21-year-old after he pointed a weapon at officers.
a woman called police after she said rook, the father of her child, kicked in the door to her home. when police arrived, rook and another woman jumped into a white car and tried to get away. when police surrounded the car they took the woman, who was driving, into custody. that's when officials say rook jumped in the driver's seat. police saw a gun and fired.
when undercover narcotics officers attempted to arrest vann and teon katchens, 20, in a parking lot drug deal, vann allegedly hit or ran over an officer with his vehicle, reversed and allegedly attempted to hit him again or was trying to flee the scene. that officer, not seriously injured, and another fired at vann, who died on the way to the hospital. a witness heard two shots fired.
kolata was reportedly holding people hostage at a bakery. when officers arrived on scene and entered the bakery, kolata fired at officers, wounding one. officers fired back and kolata was wounded. he died later at a hospital.
van buren county sheriff's deputies responded to at least three 911 calls reporting that a man wearing a military uniform was walking along highway 2 near cantril, iowa. callers said that he was making obscene gestures at passing motorists. the officers reported that they approached the man, robert michael dooley, and demanded that he drop his gun. when he pointed it at them, one of the deputies, jon tharp, fired a single shot, which killed dooley. dooley, who had participated in civil war and other historical military reenactments, was later found to have been carrying a vintage air rifle which was designed to look like a winchester model 1894 rifle.
martinez had a knife. during an altercation with officers he was shot and killed.
cooper took four people hostage after stealing a purse. cooper came out of the house and pointed a gun at deputies. a deputy then shot and killed cooper.
police searched for jerry leon hermes, jr., 35, after finding his wife lisa dead with multiple gunshot wounds in the driver's seat of a sport utility vehicle with three children in the back seat. authorities located jerry hermes in a barn. members of the task force engaged the suspect with a handgun. a u.s. deputy marshal shot and killed hermes.
state troopers had gone to the home of alan gillotti sr., 52, to investigate an armed home invasion that occurred in bridgewater earlier that day. sgt. joshua haines responded and was outside gillotti‰Ûªs house when he shot gillotti.
jacquez returned home with his skateboard around 2:30 am, reportedly after babysitting. officer james ashby, 41, allegedly broke down the front door, entered, and proceeded to argue with jacquez. witness sara lindenmuth states that when jacquez' back was turned, ashby shot him twice and then maced or pepper sprayed him while he lay dying on the floor. she also states that when jacquez' mother tried to call 911, ashby threw her phone against the wall. ashby is currently facing a 2nd degree murder charge.
after a brief stint in basic training and army discharge, curnell took a pistol and walked to his sister's apartment house nearby. detained by the police as suspicious curnell was made to lie down at gunpoint. as the officer reholstered his pistol, according to the officer, curnell shot himself in the head. the reported forensic evidence was largely consistent with that story but doubts remained with the family.
police said whitten and 20-year-old elisha glass were among four people involved in the armed robbery of a store police had staked out. police surrounded the suspects' vehicle and shot and killed glass and whitten as they tried to escape.
police said glass and 18-year-old qusean whitten were among four people involved in the armed robbery of a store police had staked out. police surrounded the suspects' vehicle and shot and killed glass and whitten as they tried to escape.
after shooting his girlfriend in the mouth, herring fled the scene and was later found by five plainclothes officers. dixon was shot multiple times and pronounced dead on the scene. the five officers were cleared of any wrongdoing by a franklin county grand jury in april 2014.
rodgers got in altercation with unidentified man at night club around 2 a.m. he went to the parking lot retrieved a handgun from his car then shot at man as he exited night club. two police officers on special duty at the night club confronted rodgers and shot him multiple times. grand jury found shooting was justified.
thornton shot and killed two people, one of which was a 9-year old boy. afterwards he was in a standoff between swat. thornton was ultimately shot and killed.
kourtney hahn and her boyfriend, emmanuel gatewood, who shot dead by columbus police in clintonville knew that police were looking for gatewood in connection with an april 5 homicide.
gatewood and his girlfriend, kourtney hahn, who shot dead by columbus police in clintonville knew that police were looking for gatewood in connection with an april 5 homicide.
police said they received reports of shots being fired at a trailer in st. anthony village. as police approached, a man inside a trailer told them there were two other armed people inside and he had exchanged gunfire with them. as swat officers approached during a several-hour standoff, holt came outside with a gun. a bca investigation report said he ran toward officers and refused to drop the weapon. officers fired, killing holt. later, officers entered the trailer and found nobody. police said they believe there were never any other people involved.
"the incident began with a hit-and-run report at 7:30 a.m. feb. 7 in chaska. according to police, the suspect vehicle -- a red saab -- was located and led police on a high-speed chase on u.s. 212, at times reaching 90 mph and with its hood popped open against the windshield. the chase ended in eden prairie when the saab veered to the shoulder and hit a retaining wall. police said the driver, matthew vincent serbus, 36, had a knife and refused to put it down. he was shot and killed. the passenger, dawn marie pfister, 34, then allegedly picked the knife up. she also was shot and died." http://www.twincities.com/localnews/ci_25898660/eden-prairie-police-shooting-reviewed-by-hennepin-county?source=pkg
"the incident began with a hit-and-run report at 7:30 a.m. feb. 7 in chaska. according to police, the suspect vehicle -- a red saab -- was located and led police on a high-speed chase on u.s. 212, at times reaching 90 mph and with its hood popped open against the windshield. the chase ended in eden prairie when the saab veered to the shoulder and hit a retaining wall. police said the driver, matthew vincent serbus, 36, had a knife and refused to put it down. he was shot and killed. the passenger, dawn marie pfister, 34, then allegedly picked the knife up. she also was shot and died. four officers fired their weapons and were placed on leave: sgt. brady juell and officer trent wurtz of the chaska police department; trooper mark lund of the minnesota state patrol; and corp. nathan mueller of the carver county sheriff's office."
police shot and killed the armed hoffstrom after the 30-year-old had killed a local doctor, allegedly for how the doctor had treated hoffstrom's mother. a county grand jury cleared the police of any wrongdoing in 2014.
tray was shot by police after allegedly pointing a revolver at them in a garage of an apartment complex.
during a traffic stop, police said fair told officers that there was a warrant out for his arrest. he told them he didn't want to go to jail. police said fair fought officers off as they attempted to arrest him. during the struggle, police said, fair grabbed one of the officers' tasers and shocked both before soliday shot him in the chest.
after police chased franklin, having identified him as a burglary suspect, he broke into a home. police sent a dog in, and police followed. two police were shot, although it was unclear who shot them. franklin was shot and killed.
victim was reportedly involved in a domestic disturbance, brandished a sword-like item and was shot by responding officer.
two paramus officers responded to an alarm and found four suspects in a 2015 kia k900. the driver, reyes, allegedly tried to run down one of the officers, who was thrown onto the hood of the car. the officer fired multiple shots, fatally wounding reyes, who crashed the car and fled on foot across the highway. he was pronounced dead about an hour later.
police planned to arrest rogers for domestic violence. police said the disturbance occurred a few nights before. police say rogers was in the back yard mowing when they approached him and identified themselves. they said he drew a gun from his waistband and officers fired shots in response.
sandoval-jiminez was in the back seat of a car fleeing a robbery. the robbers entered a restaurant and demanded cash, cell phones and wallets. they pistol-whipped the workers. a deputy arrived at the restaurant and saw two masked men enter a vehicle parked south of the scene. as the deputy pursued them, the driver drove the vehicle toward him. two officers fired into the vehicle, killing sandoval-jiminez.
captain george brown was off duty, due to circumstances unknown, he was on the second floor of the best budget inn and saw two men. there is no report of the specifics, but after feeling threatened the officer shot one of the men. he then stormed into the hotel room and arrested his friend. this officer was later fired after the investigation.
suspect drover in gray minivan to huntsville pd station on wheeler avenue and rammed a patrol car with an on-duty officer inside. both drivers exited vehicle. officer claims suspect lunged at him with a knife and ignored commands to drop the knife. officers shot the suspect, who later died at huntsville hospital of his injuries.
stogner shot an officer. officers then shot and killed stogner.
jason akeem lewis encountered off-duty corrections officer jeremy primus on the night before thanksgiving. primus shot and killed lewis, fled the scene, but later turned himself in to police. madison county da recommended releasing primus because shooting was in self defense. grand jury investigated shooting. results unknown at this time.
hobbs said police got a call at 8:01 a.m. about a suspicious person in the area of mountain view mobile home park. he was near the road, according to hobbs. when police arrived and questioned the man, he showed police his gun, then pulled it out and fired.police ruled the death suicide.
evans pointed a gun at an officer, the officer responded by shooting/killing evans. evans was with a couple people that were suspected of burglarizing a vehicle.
contreras reportedly carjacked an suv and drove it across three counties, pursued by the chp. he crashed in san francisco after a chase by sfpd. while police were waiting for a less-lethal beanbag shotgun, contreras fired his antique russian revolver at a man who attempted to help him out of the car, and then reportedly turned his gun at the officers. they then fired 32 rounds at him, killing him.
wilkerson allegedly charged at police with a hammer after a stabbing was reported in the area.
daly city police spotted sawyer behind the wheel of a stolen vehicle and chased him into san francisco. sawyer eventually abandoned the car and fled on foot. after sawyer allegedly raised a gun at officers, a daly city officer shot him in the torso, killing him.
a police officer was responding to conduct a "welfare check" on a man who was found passed out on a landing in an outside stairwell of the apartment building between the first and second floors, police said. police said the officer and the suspect carried on a conversation until the officer asked martinez to remove his backpack. at that point, the suspect jumped up, pulled out revolver from the backpack and fired at least one round -- possibly two or more -- at the officer, according to police.the officer returned fire, hitting the suspect and killing him.
police responded to a domestic situation call and report that miller exited the home with a gun and pointed it at them. they say they then "engaged with him," shot at him several times, and that he died "in the garage." a witness claims about ten shots were fired, and a person reported that miller may have had alzheimer's disease.
during a drug-related investigation that turned into a struggle, darden may have shot and wounded an atf agent with his own weapon. the agent reportedly shot darden twice in the stomach during the struggle. steven maurice mckinley, 21, may or may not have shot the agent.
officer benjamin flake and another officer responded to a domestic violence call from william's son. williams allegedly met them at the door with a gun and made suicidal statements. he got another gun, pointed both at his head, and allegedly made a remark about shooting the police then pointed a gun at them. flake shot him twice in the abdomen. he died in the hospital 10/02/14.
police state that during an area investigation, officer q. vu and his partner pulled over a suspicious vehicle. the male passenger reportedly produced a gun and shot at vu's partner, and during a struggle the gun was fired "several times." vu says he repeatedly told the man to drop the gun, and then shot him. the female driver was uninjured.
witnesses to recent street "gunfire" pointed out the suspect to police as he drove by. police followed the man for about two blocks. they report that he refused to show his hands and when they opened his car door, he fired a gun at them. at least three officers shot back, killing him.
state trooper kedra was shot in the abdomen by his instructor during a training session at a public safety training campus. as of 12/13/2014 the shooter's name has not been released.
miller's husband accidentally shot her in the head when he was cleaning his gun. she was 22 weeks pregnant, and the child died after an emergency c-section. the killing was ruled accidental.
shotwell was off duty, assisting a woman in a domestic dispute. arruda, the woman's boy friend, shot at shotwell as a result. shotwell then shot and killed arruda.
police received 911 call that two women had been robbed at gunpoint by two men. during canvass of area, they found thompson, who was armed and fled into a nearby apartment complex. police followed him, and when thompson shot at them in a hallway, they returned fire, fatally wounding the suspect. thompson's alleged accomplice was later apprehended.
a confrontation ensued while police were serving a narcotics search warrant. a police officer became scared and discharged his weapon, hitting bowe twice. bowe died eleven days later.
maharaj allegedly threatened a woman with a machete, and was soon pulled over by an officer. he was shot after ignoring the officer's orders to stand down.
desir was suspected of murdering his stepfather, and allegedly began shooting at police who were waiting at his home, who then returned fire and killed him.
police were pursuing kiner as part of a murder case when he ambushed a fugitive task force, exchanging gunfire with officers until he was fatally shot.
taylor called police and informed deputies that she planned to shoot up her neighborhood. arriving deputies shot taylor after she pointed a handgun at the officers.
mcbean, who worked for an advertising agency, was fatally shot by deputies after walking into an apartment's pool complex with an air rifle and subsequently ignoring a deputy's demand to lower the weapon.
police shot and killed a ski-masked robbery suspect to allegedly was trying to hold-up an allstate insurance office. the masked suspect refused to put his weapon down when ordered to do so. police opened fire and killed the man. earlier in the week, detectives learned from a confidential informant that the suspect, 23, was planning on robbing the office on thursday. he was ambushed by police when he arrived at the allstate office.
printemps allegedly carjacked a car. later, miramar pd caught up with him. a gunbattle ensued, and printemps was killed.
brower called 911 threatening to kill herself. police accompanied by swat forces arrived and found her standing in the street with a pistol in either hand. refusing to put down the weapons, she was fatally shot.
the owner of cable installation business, lowry was shot dead by six bullets fired by local officers after a sunday evening domestic dispute. initially police claimed that he had a knife -- a claim that lowry's wife flatly called "a lie," describing the incident as an assassination.
officials say mcgee, along with his passenger, 19-year-old robert aspiranti were approached by deputies with the madison county sheriff's office in the parking lot of 18 three way lane. according to tbi public information officer susan niland, they were individuals they wanted to speak with regarding an on-going investigation. mcgee attempted to run over the officers, according to niland. the deputy shot and killed mcgee.
a state police tactical team found gerken along route 116 carrying a knife and acting erratically. a standoff reportedly lasted from mid-morning through about 6 p.m. one of the troopers suffered a superficial knife wound. gerken was shot dead.
conlogue was armed and held police at bay for about 3 hours outside the former highland farm restaurant along route 16, through mccausland didn‰Ûªt say what weapon he was armed with. conlogue was shot and killed.
ouellette, with a record of domestic violence, called police to confess that he'd stabbed his girlfriend to death. she'd been pregnant with their child. state troopers responded around 6 p.m., and within about 40 minutes ouellette had been shot to death.
bellfleur drunkenly threatened his neighbors over their bear-hunting business. they called police. bellfleur pointed his shotgun at him. they shot and killed him.
lamar county sheriff deputies were dispatched to disturbance regarding a man with a gun at a residence.when deputies arrived they made contact with the female homeowner at the front door who said that there was a man with a gun inside. deputies removed the woman from the residence and were told that her child was still inside. deputies then were confronted by an armed man who started shooting at the deputies. the deputies engaged him outside the residence and he was shot and died of gunshot wounds on scene.
a paris police officer shot nash after he rammed a police vehicle with his truck as officers moved in to arrest him during a joint investigation by the paris police department and lamar county sheriff‰Ûªs office into a large amount of illicit drugs being delivered to the paris area.
police from three trumbull county agencies chased a blue 1983 cadillac eldorado that was reported stolen from a kinsman auto yard. the ohio state highway patrol set up stop spikes, near the tibbetts wick road exit of route 11 southbound. according to officials at an oshp news conference, the spikes stopped the car. when officers approached the vehicle, dempsey pulled out a semiautomatic handgun, and police shot and killed him.
taemarr walker, 24, was shot and killed by officer michael krafcik after allegedly pulling a gun and refusing to obey the officer‰Ûªs orders to drop the weapon, according to wfmj. one officer said, "i saw the rifle, he was in the backseat. all this time he was in the backseat and then he dove over the front seat and pulled a handgun from under the front seat. when i saw the gun, i told him if he grabbed the rifle i would shoot him."
a georgia man was killed by police executing a search warrant obtained after a car thief told police he stole methamphetamine from the dead man‰Ûªs vehicle, media reports say. the sheriff says hooks, age 59, got a firearm and "demonstrated aggression" toward officers.
stoddard ran from a stolen car after him and two other men were pulled over. police chased after stoddard. stoddard pulled out a gun, officers told him to drop it, stoddard refused and was subsequently shot and killed.
jensen refused orders to drop a knife. officers shot and killed jensen.
on-duty deputy lt. anderson called his own sheriff's office to report a domestic disturbance at his daughter's home. wsdu tv states that anderson was holding his wife hostage and hit her with his gun. he allegedly shot several times at the deputies who arrived. they state they tried to persuade him to drop the gun but when he continued pointing it at him and holding it to his wife's head, they shot him several times.
st. john parish sheriff''s deputy steven daley shot and killed barbara lassere after she allegedly fled in her vehicle and fired on the deputy when he tried to pull her over for a broken headlight. she stopped briefly, then brandished a weapon and drove to her home. she refused to exit the vehicle when ordered, and fired a shot at the deputy. the deputy returned fire and lassere died at the hospital. her son later sued and a jury found that four st. john the baptist parish sheriff's deputies were negligent and partially responsible for the shooting death of the 60-year-old woman.
following a routine traffic stop that turned into a pursuit, miller and police engaged in an extended gun battle that began when miller fired at police while fleeing. miller was fatally shot during the gun battle.
lee, 32, who was wanted on warrants in elkhart and st. joseph counties, was killed after he raised a gun towards elkhart police officers on tuesday, sept. 23, in the washington gardens apartment complex, according to an indiana state police account of the incident. the investigation into lee‰Ûªs death and the officers‰Ûª actions is ongoing, but witness accounts and evidence at the scene do not match the official sequence of events provided by the state police, which was asked to handle the case.
bair walked in a martin's grocery and shot and killed two people. police were in the area and responded within 3 minutes. they shot and killed bair when they arrived.
a neighbor called 911 when she saw a man breaking into the house next door. when the officers arrived they witnessed benavidez in possession of a handgun. they ordered him to put it down, he fled. officers cornered him in front of a near by home. they ordered him to drop his weapon, he raised it, and the officers all shot and killed him. it was later determined that it was his sisters house, and he was not breaking into the home.
police received call that armed individuals had entered an abandoned house. tillman was shot multiple times and killed, but police have so far refused to release details of shooting, other than to say a bb gun was found near the scene. three other suspects attempted to flee and were apprehended. tillman family members say the 14-year-old african-american was unarmed and only answered the door because police knocked and was shot in the back "four or five times."
porraz was wanted for suspicion of murder. a tip led police to find porraz at his girlfriend's house. officers allege that they felt threatened before firing 6 rounds at matthew porraz. no weapon was found on the victim.
two police officers responded to a domestic violence call and went to reams' home. a woman was heard screaming inside and struggling with a male suspect. police says reams shouted if officers went inside, he would kill her. after a few seconds, the police couldn't hear the woman anymore. once the officers broke into the home, an officer fired four rounds and killed reams who died on the scene. the woman was found stabbed to death.
police responded to a call about loud music coming from a vehicle near whitesbridge, but the man drove away. after a high-speed chase, the man then exited the suv and ran away. aided by a search dog, three sheriff's deputies found the man hiding in a peach orchard. they opened fire when they saw a firearm pointed at them.
officers responded to vancamp's residence after receiving a call from his mother, who told police that he was armed and suicidal. responding deputies fatally shot vancamp outside the home after he turned towards them while holding a handgun.
police pulled over a car for not having plates. three suspects ran and officers pursued, fatally shooting one who was armed.
after a group of law-enforcement agents entered vue's apartment looking to arrest him from a 2012 kidnapping, vue ambushed the officers from a hiding place, injuring three officers. after exchanging gunfire, vue was killed.
officers responded to domestic violence call. lee was found holding his girlfriend in a chokehold, holding a handgun in each hand--one to her head and one to his own. perceiving the woman to be in imminent danger, the officers shot and killed lee.
an officer approached murillo, who was on a bicycle, for an unknown reason. murillo fled on the bike and then on foot. the officer shot and killed murillo after he allegedly pointed a small handgun at the officer.
sgt. patrick williams and officer orlando chatman went to a vacant house behind lamberts' house, looking for him for questioning regarding a homicide or 1-3 separate breaking and enterings. they state that when they entered the house, lambert "confronted" them. they reportedly shot him multiple times. his two sons may or may not have been present.
local police were called on reports of a man "going crazy", gradually learning he was armed, that he'd fired multiple shots inside a house, and that he'd barricaded himself in. swat officers arrived in the late evening and exchanged gunfire with diaz for about an hour. he was found shot to death inside.
weaver reportedly lunged toward a deputy with a pat and a kitchen knife. the deputy shot and killed weaver
police responding to a suicide call found hart in possession of a firearm and unsuccessfully trying to take his own life. an officer, fearing for his life, fatally fired at hart who later died from his injuries.
vanriper may have been camping illegally. he sprayed an investigating officer with bear spray. the officer shot and killed him.
bunch's relative reported that bunch had stolen his car. clairborne county deputies spotted and pursued bunch, who allegedly fired shots. multiple le agencies pursued until bunch stopped, exited and allegedly created a standoff which included hostage negotiators. bunch allegedly got in and out of his car several times with a pistol and a shotgun. "during the confrontation, bunch was shot by law enforcement." which agency shot him has not been reported.
police had arrested smith on outstanding warrants and put him in a patrol car with his hands cuffed behind his back, police said in a written statement. smith was able to move his hands to the front of his body and kick out a window of the patrol car. according to the police, officers noticed that smith had a gun when he tried exiting the patrol car, and he was shot by an officer. a gun was found under smith‰Ûªs body.
police went to frazier's home in response to an altercation that had occurred at a business earlier in the day. frazier was shot following a standoff with officers at his home.
officers peter wilson and cody willis responded to a domestic disturbance and report that beeler had two knives in his waistband and wouldn't show his hands or follow their instructions. they state that they tried to taser him but missed, and that he advanced toward them brandishing a knife. both officers fired, hitting him in the chest or torso. beeler died in the hospital 09/21/2014.
vogel was firing rounds off at cars and houses. officers ultimately shot and killed him.
when officers responded to a home invasion, larry hawkins, refused to put his gun down and pointed the weapon at the officers. they responded by firing seven shots, of which three hit hawkins. he died from a gunshot wound to the chest.
after an aborted attempt to steal a car, ashford and passenger jemmaine t. bynes, 30, were spotted speeding by police and were pursued. their suv struck a guardrail and police vehicles blocked it from escaping. ashford allegedly reversed the suv and rammed a police vehicle. one state trooper and two lyndå_hurst police officers fired 5-15 shots, killing ashford.
baucum pointed a gun at an officer resulting in baucum getting shot and killed.
police were called to a senior citizen home where gabriele was arguing with his mother. when police arrived at the apartment, gabriele grabbed a kitchen knife and charged them. one officer fired one shot, killing gabriele. gabriele had a criminal history, including burglary and drug possession charges. more information needed about this encounter.
police encountered a motorist who fit the description of a man wanted in connection with the home invasion. a struggle ensued, and the officer fired one round which hit the suspect. the man was taken to a hospital where he died a short time later.
sheriff's deputies were called to a domestic disturbance at stingley's neighbor's home and encountered stingley outside with a handgun. reportedly, when he pointed it at them, a deputy shot him once.
deputies responding to a domestic disturbance shot a rifle-wielding man in a house outside of george county.
responding to a possible domestic disturbance, officer andrew kappler and another officer found bonty "hurting himself" in his home with one or two steak knives. when he "made a threatening move" toward his mother cynthia bonty, kappler shot him once. mrs. bonty, who has retained a lawyer, claims the police tasered him twice, which they deny.
adams and another suspect shot an officer. the officer shot and killed adams and injured the other suspect. the motive is not clear why adams and the other suspect shot the officer.
after robinson's brother called police to report that his brother was acting suicidal, deputies arrived to find robinson in a wheelchair holding a shotgun. the 47-year-old was fatally shot after refusing to drop the weapon and raising it at deputies.
officers were speaking with smart and a passenger as part of a narcotics investigation when smart suddenly accelerated, pulling an officer into the car and punching him. the officer fired and hit smart several times, forcing the car to crash. smart was pronounced dead at the scene.
white was shot and killed after an officer found him hiding in a stolen car. white refused to leave the car, and the officer fired into the car when it appeared white was accelerating the car toward him.
lexington police say gibbons punched officer james winter. police say the hit stunned him long enough for gibbons to steal his taser and get away. after leaving the scene, police say gibbons led lexington officers on a chase that took them to richmond. after gibbons's car crashed, they exchanged gunfire. gibbons was hit several times and that eight officers with either lexington police, the madison county sheriff's office or state police fired at gibbons.
upon their arrival, police found guy garren who in the process of being placed under arrest, broke from the officer's hold and grabbed a .22 caliber hand gun and raised it to the law enforcement officials. in response, officers fired four shots at garren, killing him.
according to deputies, 33-year-old elijah jackson was wanted for aggravated assault and violation of probation following an august stabbing at farragut market. officers spotted him in north knox county and followed him to east beaver creek road, where they tried to pull him over. deputies say the suspect rammed three police cars and attempted to run over several officers. officers fired at jackson and hit him.
carden had a flat tire when an officer stopped. shortly after carden attacked the officer, yelling he wouldn't go back to prison (he had narcotics on him). the officer pulled out his weapon and shot and killed carden.
flemming shot an officer more than once. the officer returned multiple shots, killing flemming.
hunt was outside a fast food restaurant playing with a souvenir sword and someone called the police. police arrived and claim hunt lunged at them so they shot him. witnesses say hunt was shot in back while fleeing. hunt family attorney says independent autopsy shows multiple gunshot wounds in back.
borden, who suffered from a number of mental illnesses and depression, shot and killed his wife, two children, mother-in-law and himself.
borden, who suffered from a number of mental illnesses and depression, shot and killed his wife, two children, mother-in-law and himself.
borden, who suffered from a number of mental illnesses and depression, shot and killed his wife, two children, mother-in-law and himself.
borden, who suffered from a number of mental illnesses and depression, shot and killed his wife, two children, mother-in-law and himself.
officers responded to a domestic violence call and spotted cole circling the area in his truck. he reportedly led them on a brief low-speed chase and "was stopped." cole allegedly exited his vehicle with a handgun and was shot at least once.
sapd called for domestic disturbance. suspect was in bedroom, asleep, and roused awake by sapd officer. sapd officer states suspect began choking the officer and fired in self defense. witness says the officer beat lopez with a night stick then shot him three times in front of their 5 year old son.
schroff allegedly robbed a st. george bank at gunpoint and took two employees hostage, forcing one to drive him away in her car. as he fled, police said, he fired on their cruisers with a shotgun and handgun. he ran into a field. when police found him, he was ‰ÛÏtaking a shooting position toward officers,‰Û who then shot him, investigators said.
police responded to the city's shotspotter gunfire alert system and subsequent 911 calls reporting shots fired. three plain-clothes detectives encountered shawn brown, 20, of atlantic city, who was armed with a handgun, according to police. the officers shot and killed brown.
antoquan watson led police on a 7-mile chase that ended in a hail of gunfire. the chase began over an unpaid restaurant bill of less than $9. watson led police on a chase from la escondida ii restaurant in pleasantville through parts of egg harbor township and ventnor into atlantic city. at atlantic avenue, witnesses and police said, he fired at officers. officers then returned fire and killed him.
police were called to a home where they say they found perez, who lived at the house. police say he was standing outside the home with a knife in his hand making threats. investigators say three pleasantville officers shot perez several times. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
two pd officers and the fbi were serving a warrant on caraway, who was in his car with jessica schoonover. police claim that when they approached the car, caraway jumped out, pulled a gun and opened fired at them. round rock police detective shawn scott and apd detectives scott glasgow and phillip hogue shot and killed him. schoonover claims caraway did not have a gun and did not get out of the car.
police received a call regarding a woman spotted carrying a gun near quinns neighborhood bar. officers made contact with the woman, who was sitting on a bench and told the officers she had a gun. officers attempted to retrieve the gun from her by using a taser and a pepper ball gun, which were ineffective, and harrington then pointed her gun at the officers. the officers shot and killed the woman.
jonathan demarco allegedly shot sarai alexis valdez. demarco then allegedly raised his handgun toward two officers and both officers fired back, killing demarco,
gonzalez rammed his truck into the county sheriff's office building, jumped out, and shot at several windows. he pointed his gun at a deputy, who shot him in the chest and head. niece vanessa jo deleon commented that he had just discovered he had cancer. sheriff leroy moody stated that he thought gonzalez wanted somebody to kill him.
howell had some injuries when he was booked at the rhea county jail, so two deputies took him to the hospital for treatment. at the hospital, potter said, howell "became belligerent" and was "aggressive physically and verbally."howell struggled with one deputy in a treatment room and managed to get his service weapon, potter said."the second officer that entered the room at that time had to fire a shot at mr. howell," he said. emergency room staff pronounced howell dead.
layne opened fire on officers serving him a warrant. officers retaliated by shooting and killing layne.
officers received a call about a woman running from a carport and saw smith running with a handgun. she broke into a home and demanded car keys at gunpoint. after a pursuit, she crashed the stolen vehicle. when officers approached, she drew her gun. officers fired, killing her.
bean was apparently attacking a woman in front of his home. when officers arrived, he pointed an empty shotgun at them. one officer fired, killing bean.
shannon kepler, a 24-year veteran of the tulsa police department, shot and killed lake, his daughter's new boyfriend, in an unprovoked attack at their first meeting. kepler had recently kicked his 14-year-old daughter out of the house; she had met lake at a shelter. kepler was charged with first-degree murder. his wife gina, also a tpd officer, was charged with accessory after the fact.
castillo was shot and killed by lighthorse police while driving. castillo was being pursued after refusing to stop his car. it is unclear why he was fired at.
police attempted to stop stutchman for a traffic violation at 2 a.m. stutchman sped off and a pursuit ensued. stutchman crashed his suv and got out of the vehicle brandishing a handgun. officers opened fire, hitting stutchman multiple times and killing him. stutchman's sister told reporters that her brother had several warrants out for his arrest. oklahoma state bureau of investigation found shooting justified.
officers went to the area of independence and myrtle avenues to investigate a report of a suspicious person armed with a gun. their attention soon shifted a block to the south. turner fired several rounds at officers before being shot.
officers responding to a domestic dispute entered a home to find reynolds emerging from a back bedroom and holding a handgun. after reynolds ignored demands to drop his weapon, officers opened fire on reynolds, who died at the scene.
a man wanted for an alleged parole violation was resisting arrest and then was shot by police. police said he pointed his finger at them like a gun.
officers responding to a report of theft reportedly demanded that stokes drop a gun and show his hands before shooting him twice, though stokes had left his gun in a friend's car before the shooting. his mother said that she never has believed the police department‰Ûªs account of her son‰Ûªs death and maintains he was not armed that night. a jury found the officers were justified in shooting stokes.
police were attempting to question the boy about another crime. he ran, they chased. they said he pointed a gun at him, and they shot and killed him.
officers attempted to stop weber's vehicle. weber led officers on a low-speed chase at no faster than 35 mph. stop sticks slowed the vehicle, but it continued for several miles. weber eventually stopped, exited his vehicle, pointed a gun at officers and began firing. officers returned fire, killing him.
officers responding to a domestic battery call were confronted by an armed suspect. gunfire was exchanged. carson was transported to the hoisington hospital where he later died of his wounds.
garza pulled a pellet gun, a replica of a semiautomatic weapon, on officers at a truck stop at 2 a.m. six officers killed him with over 80 rounds. garza had a history of schizophrenia. his grandmother was forced to change burial plans because the 80 shots had essentially removed his face.
county officers on a domestic dispute call were confronted with garcia and a carpenter's hatchet in his hand. pepper-sprayed, garcia refused to back down, and was fatally shot.
officer shot and killed an inmate friday morning after he and another prisoner wouldn't stop attacking a third inmate.
the oregon state police is investigating a fatal shooting by an athena police officer who killed a suspect monday involved in an earlier eluding incident. athena police sgt. erik palmer shot and killed tere david king, 55, of athena on pambrun road just east of town. primus said palmer had spotted king‰Ûªs vehicle and was going to arrest him for an eluding incident from saturday. palmer was waiting for backup when king drove toward him to leave the scene. palmer then disabled king‰Ûªs vehicle by shooting the tires, primus said. after king‰Ûªs vehicle was disabled, palmer reported the suspect got out of his vehicle with a firearm, which is when the officer shot and killed him.
snider opened fire with a shotgun at the seven swat team members as they approached the home. the seven team members returned fire, killing snider.
officers responded to frantic 911 calls about canas, who was caught attacking cars with a pipe and throwing rocks. two officers fired and killed canas after he ignored orders to stop and approached the pair seemingly intent on throwing a large rock.
following a mid-afternoon car crash into a suburban fence, vang tried and failed to steal a bicycle, then carjacked an suv with two people in it. encountering police vang leapt from the suv and started shooting. witnesses reported 5 or 6 shots. he was fatally wounded. a 14-year-old passerby also took a stray bullet in the stomach.
police entered a house where they found anderson, who was wanted on a first-degree criminal sexual conduct warrant, armed with a knife in the basement. anderson fatally stabbed kody, a police dog, before the officers shot and killed anderson, police said.
according to parish officials, their forces responded to reports of an attempted suicide. they found leblanc, who is said to have turned his gun on police. he was fatally shot.
deputies responded to a 911 domestic dispute call from nichols' 70-year-old mother barbara j. nichols. upon arriving they found nichols standing over or attacking his mother with a knife. according to one report, investigators said nichols "refused repeated commands to stop stabbing her".. at least one of the deputies open fired, killing nichols. his mother was taken to the hospital with "moderate injuries".
mccoshum had a rifle and was not listen to the police. police say he moved the rifle in a threatening manner and responded by shooting and killing mccoshum.
lucha jr. was the suspect in two fast-food restaurant robberies. he was involved in a vehicle pursuit with law enforcement leading up to his death. throughout the 30-minute pursuit, he stopped several times until he was shot inside his van. fourteen officers shot and killed him. he was armed with a tire iron.
bryce was a crew member of the "cops" tv show filming police response to an armed robbery at a fast food restaurant. bryce was killed by crossfire from police shooting at the robbery suspect.
washington was holding up the wendy's with an airsoft replica gun when an opd unit fired at least 30 shots into the restaurant. washington exited the building and fell to the ground.
officers spotted a large black truck crashing into several parked cars on emiline street. the truck drove over the curb, through fences and through residential yards before ramming three police cruisers.
zarazua-rubio targeted his first shooting victim, aaron anderson, before going on to shoot three other people he encountered that afternoon. anderson and angel cabrera were critically wounded in the shootings, but anthony vazzano and pascual bautista-raymundo were both killed. officer coral walker then exchanged gunfire with the suspect, zarazua-rubio, killing him.
baber was handcuffed and apparently shot two state troopers with a gun state police said may have been hidden in his pants. both troopers died (one on scene and one two weeks later). baber was killed in a shootout with deputies from clay and roane counties.
troopers shot and killed richard dale kohler, 66, in his maysel home early wednesday after he pointed a rifle at officers attempting to serve a federal search warrant stemming from an ongoing drug investigation.
grand junction police department received a call to remove crawford from a home on grand avenue. the daily sentinel reports that a police log entry on the shooting says that a "known male threatened officers with a handgun."
a suspect in an attempted kidnapping and car theft in lakewood on tuesday night was fatally shot after he pointed a weapon at officers.
according to the fruita police department, pollard fled in his car after being pulled over during a routine traffic stop. fruita police chief mark angelo says the chase ended near the 100 block holly berry way when three officers shot and killed pollard.
local police pursued esquivel multiple times in the same evening as he threatened an estranged girlfriend and her children. when confronted at the laundromat where she worked, esquivel appeared to reach for his gun, and was killed with eleven shots within the officer's first 15 seconds of contact.
police responded to a domestic violence call and found ramos barricaded in his home with two knives. police negotiated for an hour but eventually ramos advanced toward police with his knives. police shot ramos with bean bag rounds which did not stop his advance. police open fired with lethal rounds, killing ramos. ramos had previously threatened to commit suicide.
it started as a routine traffic stop. trooper corina jandrew stopped a 4-door cadillac with three people inside. the driver was brandon leonel monroy. he failed to identify himself and was placed under arrest. monroy fought with the trooper as she tried to arrest him and allegedly tried to steal the patrol car. he was shot and transported to umc where he was later pronounced dead.
deputies were serving an eviction notice when harris retreated to a bedroom. he came out with a shotgun. deputies shot and killed him.
state police visited matheny at his home following a wreck at which he allegedly discharged a firearm in the air to disperse a crowd. upon arrival, matheny allegedly threatened police with a handgun, and was shot. there are no other eyewitness accounts aside from those of the police.
navarre allegedly attempted to strike officers with his vehicle.deputies then fired at navarre, killing him.
chavez was an army veteran who served in afghanistan and iraq. police received a call from family members that chavez was armed and suicidal. chavez was outside but went inside when the police arrived. three officers cornered chavez in a bedroom. chavez attempted to shoot himself, but the gun misfired. as he cycled the weapon, one of the officers shot him. then chavez shot himself in the chest. louisiana state patrol investigated, results unknown.
the incident stemmed from a burglary call at a storage unit earlier that day. officers said miranda michelle guy, 28, was spotted driving a suspicious car and fled from officers. she then drove to her home, ran inside, grabbed a gun, and pointed it at officers, according to authorities. that is when officers said they shot guy. harriman police chief randy heidle said the officers inside the home included a roane county deputy and a harriman police officer. crews took guy to roane county medical center in harriman where doctors pronounced her dead.
police responding to an early morning 911 call from a convenience store found an armed jimenez holding a woman hostage nearby the store. after allegedly pointing his handgun at the woman several times, police shot jimenez to protect the hostage, who was not injured.
piirainen stole a pickup truck in paris and led police on a chase which ended at the circle k convenience store on main street in mexico, maine. piirainen was killed after he exchanged fire with a state trooper and a mexico police officer.
police got a 911 call at 4:08 p.m. from wagner's wife, leona wagner, 52, reporting her husband was battering her. an officer met her in the front yard of the couple's home at 2107 single tree dr. in prairie estates mobile home park at 4:11 p.m., walton said. the officer then went into the house where sonny wagner confronted him in the living room, brandishing a knife. there was less than 10 feet between the officer and wagner, a "very confined space," walton said. the officer told wagner repeatedly to put the weapon down. "wagner raised the knife up and moved forward toward the officer," walton said. "the officer dispatched two rounds from a service firearm and wagner collapsed to the floor."
griggs was a homicide suspect. when police approached him he had a bb gun. officers demanded him to drop his weapon, he did not comply resulting in officers shooting and killing griggs.
two officers responded to a call about a man carrying a knife. lopez was carrying a drywall saw he used for his job. after approaching one officer and refusing to drop the saw, he was shot twice in the back.
police allege that vasquez stabbed three people and then carjacked a van. officer kevin peters states that he spotted and pursued the van into a cul-de-sac, and that after he blocked the van, vasquez rammed his vehicle. peters shot and killed him.
police responded to calls of a woman making excess noise to find gionet armed with a steak knife. a deputy shot and killed gionet, who had multiple sclerosis and cancer, after she allegedly cornered an officer with the knife.
swat officers called to the scene by nehez himself found him with a knife actively threatening them. he and his wife were going through a painful divorce with prior police complaints. officers shot nehez to death and found his wife inside strangled to death.
sjpd's metro special-enforcement unit was looking for mejia in connection with the killing a week earlier of 44-year-old daniel canales in east san jose. the team spotted mejia driving a honda civic they determined was stolen. officers blocked in mejia's car and he tried to ram his way out. a san jose officer had gotten out of his unmarked police car when the honda accelerated toward him. the officer fired a single shot at mejia, who killed.
police attempted a traffic stop when they felt a vehicle looked suspicious, and a chase ensued. after reportedly ramming several police cars, aduddell got out of the vehicle and was shot to death by officers ian cooley and adam jenkins, who say his hands were on his waistband area. police did not locate a weapon at the scene.
hernandez reportedly had a gun. officers contacted him and shots ensued, ending in hernandez's death.
garcia was caught at a motel for soliciting a female undercover police officer for prostitution. officers stormed the room after he paid her money. they say he "reached for a gun tucked in his waistband" while they attempted to arrest him. an officer tasered him as he allegedly raised the gun, another shot at him once, and then another shot at him 16 times. he was hit 7 times and died at the scene.
christopher george's mother called deputies reporting he had been locked in his room for several days. she told deputies that the man did not have access to weapons. two deputies arrived about 10 minutes later to speak with him. george pulled a gun during the conversation, and one of the deputies fired multiple shots in response.
tanner was being served a warrant for attempted murder. marshals entered tanner's room and shot him. it was not reported what prompted the shooting. during the shooting, four children were at the house ages 8 through 12.
a choctaw police department senior officer responded to a call for help on aug. 12 in the pearl river community that resulted in the officer being wounded and the death of tribal member jordan willis, misty brescia dreifuss, director of the office of public information, said in a statement emailed to the media."the officer has received medical treatment and is expected to make a full recovery. as per protocol, the federal bureau of investigations was called in to conduct a weapons discharge investigation which is ongoing at this time." she went on to say that, "no employee will speak on this matter."
leblanc fire shots at officers. officers responded by firing back, killing leblanc.
robert mroczek, a 46-year-old state parole officer since 2005, confronted his estranged wife, pammi mroczek, and her boyfriend, daniel brennan, at robert mroczek's 844 pennsylvania ave. home, troopers said. robert mroczek shot and killed brennan, 51, of schenectady, in the driveway. pammi mroczek, 49, was found dead in the foyer. both pammi mroczek and brennan were shot multiple times with a 9mm handgun, regan said.
robert mroczek, a 46-year-old state parole officer since 2005, confronted his estranged wife, pammi mroczek, and her boyfriend, daniel brennan, at robert mroczek's 844 pennsylvania ave. home, troopers said. robert mroczek shot and killed brennan, 51, of schenectady, in the driveway. pammi mroczek, 49, was found dead in the foyer. both pammi mroczek and brennan were shot multiple times with a 9mm handgun, regan said.
state troopers responding to penderghest's 1 a.m. mercedes suv crash found him bloodied, stunned, and cutting himself with a knife. despite verbal commands, pepper spray and a taser he refused to come under control. witnesses verified that troopers had been threatened by penderghest and gave him ample warning before shooting him to death.
costley was wanted in carroll county, md., on an outstanding warrant in his pending dui case, police said. costley was outside when officers first made contact with him, but he started walking toward his home, state police said. despite being ordered to stop, costley went inside, then turned around and opened fire on the officers with a handgun, police said. one officer returned fire while retreating to a safe position, according to police. when qrt members eventually forced their way into costley's home hours later, they found him dead inside, police said.
higgins was car jacking a friend of an off duty deputy. higgins had a gun pointed to her head, the deputy shot and killed higgins.
colorado state troopers tracked uncles to the ramada plaza at west 48th avenue and bannock street last friday during an auto theft investigation. when the undercover troopers tried to make an arrest, uncles ran and then pulled a gun on the troopers. that's when one of the troopers fired at the suspect, who then fell to the ground on bannock street in front of the ramada. uncles was pronounced dead a few minutes later at denver health.
ronquillo was in a stolen car. police attempted arrest. ronquillo reversed striking an officer with the vehicle. officers shot 12 rounds, ultimately killing ronquillo.
suspect pulled a handgun on police during an undercover drug sting.
leroux held customers hostage in a 7-11. he tried to use a hostage as a human shield, but was gunned down. he died 3 days later from a gunshot wound to the neck.
after threatening passengers with a knife, snyder was fatally shot by police after he lunged at an officer.
two plain clothes officers attempted to arrest morales for charges of burglary, assault and harassment. morales shot one officer in the hand and was subsequently fatally shot.
montoya was shot after an hours-long, high-speed chase in a stolen pickup truck. shots were fired from the stolen truck at police.
torres stabbed his aunt and her baby. torres then charged an officer, prompting the officer to shoot torres. torres died late rin the hospital along with the baby.
two officers say that after a "proactive stop" of westbrook, they determined he had warrants. he ran and they chased him into an alley, where he allegedly pulled a knife. one of the officers shot and killed him.
police responded to a domestic violence call and pursued wilson when he fled the scene on a bicycle. le helicopter spotted him entering a school campus and the police cornered him. wilson allegedly exhibited "violent and irrational behavior throughout the incident" so when he "reached for his waistband" in a "crouched position", officers joseph davis and christopher bosson shot and killed him. wilson was unarmed.
harmon was allegedly threatening to commit suicide on a light-rail train in downtown sacramento, then brandished a knife and implored responding officers to shoot him. harmon was fatally shot after being tasered twice to little effect.
citrus heights police spokesman bryan fritsch said officers had pulled over a suspected stolen vehicle at about 11:30 a.m. on the 7000 block of madison avenue. the female occupant rammed one police vehicle and then drove away, leading to a pursuit at up to 70 mph. she subsequently rammed a second police vehicle on the 7500 block of sunset avenue just east of san juan avenue. at that point, officers shot and killed her.
police were called when a man frightened a metro pcs employee with "intelligible(sic) statements." a struggle ensued with the officers, and the man was pepper-sprayed, kicked, and repeatedly beaten with batons. officers noticed he had stopped breathing once he was in police custody.
police responded to a report of a possible car burglary at the glen alta way and debbie ann court intersection in citrus heights. on arriving the first officer on the scene saw a man matching suspect's description and ordered him to show his hands. suspect allegedly refused officer's commands and "was aggressively reaching for something" causing the officer to "fear for his life" and shoot the suspect. suspect's alleged accomplice, richard martin duran, was arrested on the scene.
pickard stole a car, hit a police car and reversed towards officers. officers then shot and killed pickard.
officers responded to a truck driving fast the wrong way. police fired multiple times when the driver rammed five marked police cruisers. the deceased suspect was a soldier at schofield barracks.
baltimore police claim tyree woodson was able to sneak a gun past them at the time of his arrest, get the gun into a holding cell and later shoot himself while handcuffed in the bathroom. woodson was allegedly wanted on attempted murder charges, which means the arresting police officers would have taken extra care in searching him. as such, many - including elected officials - have questioned this story and suggested that police were covering up a case of brutality against an unarmed man.
two suspects were shooting at each other when an officer arrived. the officer fired at them, killing harris.
officers who were called to check on the well-being of a man in the 8600 block of oakleigh road. when they arrived, deitrich was outside his home. he threatened officers with a knife and charged them. at least one officer shot him multiple times. an emergency medical team treated deitrich lying in the street for about 15 minutes, while tactical units searched the house to make sure no one else was inside.
two officers walked into a southwest baltimore home to investigate a report of a burglary and found two men inside wearing clothing bearing the word "police." one of the men was armed with a handgun, police said, and two officers fatally shot him after he did not follow orders to drop his weapon. the man who was killed was identified as bernard lofton, 22, of parkville.
officers were patrolling in an unmarked police car when they saw two men inside of a parked white nissan altima with out of state license plates. the officers felt concerned over the situation, and they called for backup. when additional officers arrived, rodriguez said, one of the officers saw a gun and shot him to death.
baltimore city police say 40-year-old shawn dean was pulled over for running through a stop sign. ‰ÛÏwhen an officer on the driver side stepped away from the car, the suspect started the vehicle and drove off,‰Û said commissioner anthony batts, baltimore city police department.baltimore city police say the officer was dragged from mannasota and dudley avenue two blocks away to shannon drive. the suspect‰Ûªs vehicle actually jumped the curb after he was shot.
four undercover officers say they "had intelligence" that bennett was about to commit a crime, spotted him, and chased him. they report that he fell after jumping a fence and during a struggle he tried to grab a gun from his hip/belt buckle area. multiple witnesses report that bennett had only a cell phone, that he had his hands in the air after he was boxed in by the officers, and that they beat and shot him after they had apprehended him.
officers executing a no-knock warrant for smith's cousin when the 25-year-old opened fire and killed an officer. officers returned fire and fatally shot smith.
a burglary suspect ran into a van and sped off with it, striking and injuring a police officer. three officers fired at the van, killing the driver.
dibbs was killed by her fiance, an baltimore city police officer. he later committed suicide in jail.
two officers on foot patrol heard and saw shots coming from a car with several people inside. people inside the car were firing in a direction away from the officers. the officers then "engaged" the suspects and shot three of them. hooker died.
police say 42-year-old john monroe was killed as he engaged police in a "running gun battle" outside a home in the 3400-block foster avenue. police had responded to a domestic dispute at the home at around midnight thursday, where officers found two women who had been shot.
authorities said two officers who are part of a gun and drug enforcement group in that area approached a group of people. one of those men started walking in the opposite direction, and when one of the officers tried to approach him, the man turned and started shooting at the officer, police said.investigators said the officer chased the man on foot for six blocks while the man continued to fire shots at the officer. officials said the officer eventually returned fire and shot the man, who later died at a hospital.
lepak was wanted by police in connection with domestic violence charges. he'd left his wife paralyzed and in critical condition. when found he engaged in a two-hour armed standoff with police from multiple agencies, holed up in a room in a down-and-out roadside motel. when he gestured his weapon towards an officer, he was fatally shot.
a man suspected of killing his wife and another man at the courtyard marriott in panama city was killed during a shootout with law enforcement several hours later.
crawford was killed after police were called into a wal-mart for reports of a man walking through the store with a rifle. it wasn't a real gun but either a bb or pellet gun from the store
the incident began with a 911 call from someone at schenck‰Ûªs home, claiming there had been an assault. shortly after yellow springs police arrived at the residence, they reported shots fired on the property. police requested assistance from the greene county combined swat team. they soon received aid from about 63 units from 10 jurisdictions in the area. greene county coroner confirmed that paul e. schenck had died in his home during the standoff.
coleman was shot to death and two associates were taken into custody in the course of a drug investigation involving both local police and federal agents.
victim was slashing car tires with a knife in the alley between the 1400 block of avenue e and avenue d. he ran to a home at 1527 ave e where he exited a closet and brandished a knife at the officers. in the past, he had been accused of marijuana possession, curfew violations, escape or absence of custody, past-due court fines, operating a vehicle while intoxicated, theft, child support delinquency and traffic tickets.
alerted by doll's reckless driving and near misses with other vehicles at up to 80 mph, a state trooper found him and his vehicle crashed into a cherry orchard. doll approached the trooper with a knife and was shot to death.
hostage from a bank robbery shot by police
alex gregory martinez and gilbert renteria jr and others robbed a bank. some suspects got away, but martinez and renteria were shot and killed by officers.
alex gregory martinez and gilbert renteria jr and others robbed a bank. some suspects got away, but martinez and renteria were shot and killed by officers.
police were called to the scene of a domestic dispute. after stopping haynes in a traffic stop, he refused to drop a 20-inch bayonet and was shot by police.
perry lead officers on a high speed chase. he blew a tire and officers approached perry, who had a knife. an officers shot him to death.
the san joaquin county gang task force attempted to stop a man driving a vehicle that was believed to have been involved in a robbery the day before. when they exited their vehicles, the suspect accelerated his vehicle in reverse and tried to run them over. a deputy and an officer opened fire and hawkins died at the hospital. a loaded gun was found on hawkins. as of march 21, 2015, the report into the shooting had not been released.
armstrong got into a fight with his wife in a casino parking lot. a guard investigated, and he shot him. when police arrived, he wouldn't put down the gun, shot they shot and killed him.
pierre was shot in the head and the torso by officers. victim killed at home.  other details were not published.
michaelis was involved in a domestic fight with his wife. he attacked her with a knife and a gun. she escaped to her father's home, but her husband followed. michaelis killed two family members and escaped into the nearby woods where he was killed. an autopsy report showed michaelis suffered five gunshot wounds including one self-inflicted. the result of the autopsy was inconclusive as to whether he died from the self-inflicted wound or killed by officers.
christian county deputies went to edwards' home to investigate "an unlawful use of weapons." residents allowed the officers to come into the house. police called for backup after seeing drug paraphernalia. edwards shot at the police and jumped out of a window onto the roof. there was a standoff for hours. edwards finally set the roof on fire with a cigarette lighter. while the roof was smoldering, he fired at swat officers who returned fire and killed him.
steele was pulled over on reservation land for a weapons offense that occurred elsewhere. two other people in his car were compliant with the officer's commands, but steele was not. he was fatally shot by a federal officer of the reservation police, a branch of the bia. stelle was not native american.
small robbed a gas station, on his way out an officer shot small after he pointed a gun at him.
suspected child molester killed in gunfight with nypd at greenwich village smoke shop.
under the fdr drive at the start of a rainy rush hour, 45-year-old scott kato died in a hail of police bullets after police say he pulled a gun on them.
jones was being served felony warrants for his arrest. it is unreported why the shooting took place.
henderson was arguing with someone at a restaurant. when police arrived he was waving a gun around. police feared for their lives, henderson was shot and killed.
johnson was about to be placed under arrest after a traffic stop. johnson tried to flee, and allegedly dragged the officer. the officer then shot and killed johnson.
cibrian was barricaded in a house firing at officers. cibrian was wanted on capital murder charges. officers rammed the door down and shot and killed cibrian.
elmore was a suspect in a connecticut homicide, and had a long criminal record. a multi-jurisdictional team found him in a motel. as he left his room, armed with a pistol, he refused to drop his weapon and turned towards officers. he was shot to death by south carolina state agents.
christopher stirkens, 25, lived with his mother and father, denise and james stirkens. james, a 27-year police veteran, was off-duty at home when he heard christopher arguing with his mother. james went to investigate, and found christopher stabbing his mother. james shot his son with his service handgun, killing him. denise died later in the hospital. no charges have been filed against james stirkens.
goodrum initially called police and told them that he shot his roommate and grandmother, and was later found a few blocks away carrying an assault rifle and a tactical vest. after a short negotiation, police shot and killed goodrum.
mobile county constable larry lambert sheffield was arrested sunday and charged with murdering mcmillan.
officers responding to a domestic disturbance call found braddy struggling with his wife over a handgun, after he had shot her through the hand. braddy refused to drop the gun and was subsequently shot by police.
suspect marcas mcgowan abducted young harris away from her mother, from a home the three shared, and led police on a high-speed chase that ended with him wounded and harris in the back seat, shot to death. slow and loathe to make any admissions, police and prosecutor reports have gradually revealed that she died from police bullets -- but he has been charged for her murder.
two officers were shot, one fatally, by cole wielding assault rifle. other officers returned fire, killing him.
the incident started with a routine traffic stop. three adults and one child were in the car. the officer was removing people from the car when lewis jumped back into the driver's seat and sped off. another officer fired twice at the car because it was allegedly coming toward him. lewis died at hurley medical center later.
demetrice d. presnall around 10:15 p.m. june 4 ran off at the evergreen regency apartment complex on lippincott boulevard after police tried to stop him for suspicious behavior. after a short pursuit, police said presnall pointed a gun at two michigan state police troopers and refused orders to put it down. troopers then fired, killing presnall, police and prosecutors said. the troopers were not wearing uniforms but had clearly marked police gear, police have said.
hatcher was pulled over. after the trooper returned to his vehicle to check ids, hatcher allegedly fled. a brief foot chase ensued and hatcher was apprehended by the trooper. hatcher allegedly wrestled for the trooper's weapon. the trooper then shot and killed hatcher.
police officers located a man in a vehicle that had been carjacked last night in grand blanc township. a car chase ensued to the intersection of dort highway and carpenter road where police said thomas g. manuel iii emerged from the vehicle and started firing at officers. officers chased manuel inside a nearby junkyard, where police said he was killed during an exchange of gunfire with officers.
aleman reportedly assaulted someone with a handgun. the officer was in a foot chase with aleman. aleman then allegedly pointed a gun at the officer, prompting the officer to shoot and kill aleman.
powell reportedly had a weapon. an officer shot and killed him after powell refused to drop the weapon.
an officer responded to a parking complaint from farlow‰Ûªs neighbor. police says farlow pointed a gun at the officer when he approached farlow‰Ûªs home. the officer shot farlow who died in the hospital later.
king stabbed an officer prompting the wounded officer's partner to shoot and kill king.
campbell was shot and killed by police during an armed robbery at walgreens at the corner of communipaw avenue and kennedy boulevard in jersey city. police officer melvin santiago was also killed during the standoff.
a pair of jersey city police officers from the emergency services unit spotted king on kearney avenue at approximately 4:30 p.m. while one officer pursued him on foot, another followed in a police vehicle. king was tracked to an ege avenue backyard, where he entered an unlocked shed. as one of the officers entered the shed with his firearm drawn, king struggled with the officer. at that point, the officer fired one round, striking the 20-year-old in his chest. witness could hear lavon say 'why did you shoot me?' after being shot.
police says a family member called the authorities to conduct a welfare check on harrington. deputies were told she was in the bathroom with a knife threatening to harm herself. the police was unable to make contact with anyone at the residence and located the property manager who unlocked the door. when sheriff‰Ûªs deputies were clearing the residence, harrington allegedly charged the deputies with a knife. one of the officers shot her. harrington died of multiple gunshot wounds at waccamaw hospital.
a deputy was responding to a domestic disturbance call. when the deputy knocked on the door champagne pointed a gun at the deputy, prompting the deputy to shoot and kill champagne
white was apprehended for fighting and for possession of illegal drugs. transported to the parish sheriff's office, he refused to exit the vehicle. according to officers and a report from the state police, while handcuffed white produced a pistol and fatally shot himself in the back. an autopsy from the parish coroner's office released in august 2014 contradicts the initial report and describes white's gunshot wound as a chest wound. only the first page of the autopsy report was released to the public.
police chief don weedman was in a bank when hamm reportedly entered with a mask, bag and gun. weedman says he told hamm to drop the gun, and hamm fired at him. weedman shot him multiple times.
greer pulled out a knife on officers. officers then shot and killed greer.
police began pursuing ottersen after an earlier double shooting, and engaged in a high-speed pursuit that ended when he crashed his car into a ditch. police shot otterson after he went for his gun, and he died a month later.
deputies were called when wiese violated a protection order. first he fired a roman candle firework at them, then approached them with an imitation gun pellet gun before they shot and killed him.
minch called 911, insisting police show up at a phillips 66 station. when two officers arrived, he was sitting in his car parked behind the station. one officer saw him holding a gun. police says when he raised the gun toward the officers, one of the deputies shot him multiple times. minch died at the scene.
amy e. young, 40, and luis monroig, 37 two officers, living with each other and dating. they got into a domestic dispute and shot each other. monroig died from his injuries.
deputies were called to investigate a domestic disturbance. deputies encountered an armed subject, and shots were fired.
officers were dispatched after a caller reported an armed person walking in the 2200 block s.e. 15 street. a second call advised that shots had been fired. police made contact with the armed subject. gunfire ensued, resulting in the death of the armed subject at the scene.
deputies were responding to calls of a fight in the parking lot of cadillac jack's on us-41 near island park road. they arrived to find 25-50 people fighting and heard a report of a vehicle fleeing the scene. deputies pursued, caught up with suspects at us-41 and alico road. joseph blake powell allegedly exited the vehicle with a gun in his hand and started firing at deputies. witnesses reported hearing over a dozen gunshots from powell and deputies. powell was killed, no officers were injured. powell had a warrant for probation violation. deputy jeff pierot, lee county sheriff‰Ûªs office and deputy russell park, lee county sheriff‰Ûªs office were awarded 2013 officers of the year award.
stone allegedly called police and threatened to start shooting people. after police arrived, stone was fatally shot after pointing a handgun at arriving officers.
after robbing a bank with a gun, walker was stopped by an off-duty officer working as private security. walker was shot and killed when he turned on the officer, gun in hand.
riley was acting erratic with a knife at a hospital. she refused to follow authorities orders to drop the knife. she was shot and killed for not complying.
county swat members fatally shot griffin after a three-hour standoff. it began as a domestic disturbance call, and ended when griffin finally emerged from his front door flourishing multiple weapons.
popplewell carjacked a deputy's vehicle during a traffic stop. another deputy tried to stop popplewell and was dragged a short distance. this prompted the deputies to shoot and kill popplewell.
an off-duty oklahoma highway patrol trooper fatally shot a suspected intruder in an apartment in deep deuce.
an officer reports that while on his way to work, he saw garmon attempting to break into an abandoned car. garmon fled on foot when he approached. when he caught up to him, garmon tried to take his gun. during a struggle, "the gun discharged," killing garmon.
calhoun was wanted on multiple vehicle theft and drug-related warrants from jackson county, miss. atlanta police got a tip that calhoun was parked in a chevrolet suburban at the mall. police pulled in, yelled freeze, and then there were a lot of shots, witnesses said. calhoun was killed.
lured firefighters into house, held them, was killed by swat.
an officer was trying to detain edmundson for stealing a burrito, he was combative and pulled out a gun. the officer shot and killed edmundson.
wharton was running from an officer after he approached him outside fiddler's coffee shop. he turned and showed a knife halfway through the chase and was shot when he attempted to scale a fence.
delvalle was holding a woman up at knife point. an officer had an altercation with delvalle, resulting in delvalle getting shot and killed. eye witness accounts, however, say that delvalle had a knife to his own throat when the officer killed him.
police spotted wright driving a stolen vehicle. wright fled, leading police on a lengthy car chase during which he repeatedly held a pistol to his head. wright crashed near his residence and fled on foot with the pistol. police fired on wright as he fled into an apartment complex and then fired on him again when he reappeared waving the pistol, killing him. the pistol turned out to be a pellet gun. wright had attempted "suicide-by-cop" four years prior to this incident.
officers responded to a report of a man shooting a gun into the air on a busy street corner. an officer shot and killed ayala when he ignored their commands and allegedly pointed the gun towards them.
morales fled from police when a car he was traveling in was pulled over by police. he was shot after police caught up to him and the 27-year-old produced a handgun.
caruso fired 15 shots towards officers. officers then fired at caruso, killing him.
police say when the deputy went inside the home he found 56-year-old michael huffman inside. huffman was armed with a handgun, threatened to shoot the deputy, and was shot. family member dispute this, however.
police investigating a felony theft investigation ended up in a standoff with berry after he emerged from his home with a gun. berry, who may have suffered from a mental illness, was fatally shot by a swat team after exchanging gunfire with police.
police received multiple 911 calls and was summoned to the apartment complex where kingsbury lived. the reports indicated a man was slashing tires in the parking lot with a knife and breaking windows. a witness showed police kingsbury's apartment. he attempted to barricade himself inside. two officers forced their way in and were confronted by kingsbury. he was armed with a large kitchen knife. they ordered him to drop the knife and stay back, but he did not comply. one of the officers shot kingsbury who was later pronounced dead at baystate medical center.
a state trooper pulled edwards over for speeding on i-91 after midnight. a physical struggle developed between the two in which the driver was shot. the driver then attempted to escape but got only .2 miles until crashing into a protective barrier. he subsequently died of his injuries, and was found to have two handguns in the vehicle.
what began as a relationship dispute, escalated when property was destroyed and squires fired a gun. police intervened, shooting and killing squires.
after musto stabbed an officer, the officer fired five shots at musto after he ignored orders to drop a knife and after a stun gun was used several times. four of those shots struck and killed him.
landlord and taxidermist leger had filed a complaint against destructive tenants, and in return received death threats. police investigating a report that he'd filed a .22 rifle at one tenant found leger -- according to their narrative -- leveling the same rifle at them. he was shot to death. witnesses disputed police accounts; the police confiscated private video of the event.
officers received a call about a car in a ditch. rodriguez had crashed a previously carjacked car and was attempting to get the driver of a second vehicle to take him away from the scene. when the first officer arrived, she attempted to subdue rodriguez, and a struggle began. the officer tried to use her stun gun on rodriguez but couldn't stop rodriguez. when rodriguez allegedly attempted to take the officer's firearm, a backup officer, who had just arrived, fatally shot rodriguez.
police arrived after barber's wife called and reported a domestic disturbance, and that her husband had barricaded himself in a shed with a gun. barber was fatally shot after pointing a gun at officers.
police responding to a report of domestic dispute found one woman threatening another with a knife. officer t.j. bloch ordered the armed woman to put the knife down. instead, she approached him with it in a "threatening manner." he shot her. she was shot 3/25/14 and died at moses cone memorial hospital 3/28/14.
a stranger in town, bowling was tracked by local and county police by his driving a stolen pickup truck connected to a string of robberies. after a high-speed chase they sought him at the house of a known acquaintance. he was fatally shot when producing a handgun while attempting to escape.
seaton led officer on a car chase. when he stopped, he had a gun, would not respond to orders and was subsequently shot and killed.
police received a call from a family member that an armed kapeluch was allegedly assaulting his wife in their home. when police arrived, he was standing over her with a rifle. police ordered kapeluch to drop the weapon, instead he pointed it at them, and police open fired, killing kapeluch. kapeluch's wife had recently applied for divorce and moved out of the house with the couple's daughter.
rials's ex-wife called police after he tried and failed to shoot her at her place of employment. police found rials at his home and briefly exchanged gunfire with the 70-year-old before fatally shooting him.
police received reports about an armed man pursuing a woman and found van buskirk in his vehicle near the scene. van buskirk shot at the officers, the officers fired back, and van buskirk fled, leading police on a chase across several jurisdictions. van buskirk's vehicle was ultimately disabled after he crashed into two patrol cars. police open fired and killed van buskirk at the accident scene. grand jury cleared officers of wrongdoing.
haymon was stabbing his wife when police arrived. haymon, then put the knife up to his wife's throat, officers then shot and killed haymon.
deputies approached mccall after reports of a suspicious person. after an altercation mccall was shot and killed by deputies. candace mccall said she doesn't understand why authorities shot her brother. mccall didn't have a history of violence. both mccall and wiggins said they never knew him to carry a gun.
officers went to workman's home to serve a warrant on a third degree sexual assault charge. while attempting to handcuff him, one officer shot and killed him for an unknown reason in the doorway of his home. workman's wife and two children may have been in the house at the time.
police were serving arrest warrant on suspect, who charged officers with a knife.
wilburn allegedly shot at officers a few days prior. officers found wilburn, the confrontation ended with wilburn being shot and killed.
police were responding to a 911 call of a suspicious man outside a woman's home. three officers arrived, and ferrell allegedly began running toward them. one officer fired a stun gun, which police say malfunctioned, and then officer randall kerrick shot ferrell several times, killing him. ferrell was unarmed, and had apparently walked to the woman's house from his severely crashed vehicle nearby and was looking for help. officer kerrick has been charged with voluntary manslaughter.
county officers and swat team members responded to a domestic disturbance and found furr agitated, likely drunk, armed, and suicidal. furr had already shot and wounded his son, and explicitly told officers on a phone call that he wanted to kill and be killed, "in a blaze of glory". when furr emerged with a gun in each hand, and two more later discovered in his front pockets, he was fatally shot once by a police sniper.
officers responded to a report from mims stating that he was having trouble with his son. when officers arrived at his home, they found mims holding a box-cutter to his own throat. an officer fired a stun gun intending to prevent mims from harming himself. mims instead lunged at the officers with the box cutter. an officer shot mims at least once. mims died at a local hospital.
schneider robbed a bank, and was shot and killed after a he attacked an officer.
two officers were called to the sweetwater apartments in lawrenceville due to a suspicious vehicle. after chasing the occupants, an officer returned to the car to find garner fighting with another officer. garner allegedly retrieved the officer's gun, pointed it at the officer, and the other officer shot and killed garner.
officers received a call about a burglary in progress. two officers encountered coleman while checking the residence and shots were fired. coleman died at the scene. one of the two officers was shot in the leg and taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and later released.
moore shot and killed his ex-wife and boyfriend at her high school reunion. an off-duty fbi agent shot and killed moore in response.
nelson was a suspect in up to three murders. he led police on a high-speed chase to sand mountain recreation area, 25 miles east of fallon, where he shot it out with police and was killed.
rhodes reportedly fired gunshots. when officers arrived it ended with rhodes being shot and killed.
employee at payless shoe store reported an armed robbery, using a silent alarm. police responded as jerrils was exiting store. he ran, they gave chase then shot him.
police received a call that a man locked himself inside a vehicle and threatened to harm himself. the man kept screaming he had a gun and was unwilling to show his weapon. "the man jumped out of his vehicle, stood up and swung his arms over the opened door, and had an object in his hands. he pointed that object at the deputy and at that point the deputy fired."
with outstanding warrants, utley fled a traffic stop and was chased for about a mile, then forcibly stopped by local police with a pit maneuver. utley tried to ram a cruiser with his vehicle and was fatally shot.
cisneros confronted two north precinct police officers atop a garage at northeast lloyd boulevard and seventh avenue. he fired with a shotgun.
hatch checked into the emergency room sunday evening at portland adventist medical center, then threatened a hospital employee with a gun, authorities said monday.he walked out abruptly and pointed the gun at a security car in an employee parking lot, police said. he was shot soon after emergency responders arrived.
a deputy responded to a domestic violence call of a man vandalizing a house and a truck in the yard with a chainsaw. when the deputy arrived, the suspect threatened him with a club and reused to drop it.
kirkpatrick was being escorted by corrections officers to a doctor when he attacked the officers and escaped in a van. police pursued him and shot the 24-year-old after he crashed into a fence behind an apartment complex.
police were responding to a disturbance when they encountered a man who was allegedly armed with a gun. officers shot and killed the man.
after shooting his shotgun inside a neighbors house, dixon was addressed by a deputy to drop his weapon. dixon fired at the deputy. the deputy responded by shooting and killing dixon.
mexico state police say an officer shot and killed a woman after a high speed chase because she backed up her vehicle toward him. according to the latest police report, 39-year-old jeanette anaya fled from a state police officer as he attempted to pull her over in santa fe just after 1 a.m. state police said the chase reached speeds of 87 mph in a residential neighborhood. the officer bumped anaya's vehicle using a pursuit intervention technique and the chase ended near camino carlos rey and las casitas. as the officer approached the vehicle, state police said anaya "aggressively" backed up toward the officer and struck the police car
jean-baptiste was shot and killed by police after exhibiting "bizarre behavior" and confronting police officers.
police lt. t.j. smith said when turpin went to speak to that woman, she assaulted and tried to choke turpin. the woman was identified as angela randolph, 38, of no fixed address.
hoffman and hartman were murdered by officer robinson who committed suicide after he killed the two victims.
hoffman and hartman were murdered by officer robinson who committed suicide after he killed the two victims.
brown attacked his ex-girlfriend with a knife. an annapolis police officer shot and killed brown as a result. brown's ex-girlfriend died from her injuries.
after road rage on the highway, the off-duty officer and harvey pulled off the road. as harvey approached walker, walker shot and killed him.
coeur d'alene police department were called for a report of a domestic disturbance. when the troopers found white in the backyard of a neighbor's home, he climbed onto the second-floor deck. the officers saw the suspect was holding a gun, and white ignored officers' commands to drop the gun and come down from the deck. that's when white pointed the gun at the officers, according to police. after the suspect again refused again to put the gun down, "mutual exchanges of shots were fired" and white was killed.
officials said johnston was killed on the scene after an apparent altercation over a hit-and-run incident. the man reportedly hit and severed a light pole with a vehicle around dollar and lost avenue. authorities said they tracked him down and an altercation ensued after officers made contact. he was armed with a knife. police shot and killed him.
heavily-armed gun trader marx missed a court date at 9 a.m. but arrived at the courthouse an hour later with explosives, grenades and an assault rifle. he managed to wound a deputy in the leg before he was shot to death.
doty, who was wanted on terroristic-related charges stemming from an earlier incident at a wal-mart, was shot after approaching an officer with a piece of concrete rebar. the shooting was ruled justified in september 2014.
officers responding to a "routine 911 call" shot and killed drake after he threatened them with a gun. the county district attorney cleared the officers of any wrongdoing.
brown randomly fired a gun. he killed two people. officers tried to arrest him, but he resisted and was ultimately shot and killed.
officers were called to a bank for a report of someone trying to pass a bad check, a norfolk police spokesperson said. two officers approached a car in the parking lot. the driver put the car in reverse and struck one of them. the second officer shot and killed the driver.
barkus pointed an air-powered pellet gun at an off-duty officer and then at his own head. the officer then shot and killed barkus.
lloyd charged at an officer and allegedly pointed a lighter that looked like a gun at the officer. the officer then shot and killed lloyd.
officer craven chased satterwhite for 9 miles beyond city limits to the man's driveway in edgefield county. after satterwhite parked, the officer repeatedly fired through the driver-side door, prosecutors said. the 25-year-old officer faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted of the gun charge.
spencer pointed a gun at officers, which resulted in the officers shooting and killing spencer.
whisnant, who earlier had killed his parents in a double homicide, also shot and killed another officer during a massive manhunt. whisnant was eventually found and shot after exchanging gunfire with other police.
when deputies arrived at the house, they found settlemyre was barricaded inside.officers heard loud noises coming from the basement and went around to the back of the house. capt. b.j. fore said officers heard shots being fired inside. settlemyre came out of the house with guns and exchanged fire with officers. settlemyre was pronounced dead at the scene.
kleinbeck reportedly had a gun with him on what may or may not have been his own property. deputies and high way patrol engaged in a fight. kleinbeck was shot and killed.
tayler was pulled over for an alleged license violation. within three minutes officer reported "shots fired".
smith aimed a gun at troopers - they responded by shooting and killing smith
saylor robbed a dollar store. police told him to drop his weapon. he allegedly acted aggressive, prompting police to shoot him twice, killing him.
hiatt killed two women, when deputies arrived, they shot and killed hiatt after he was aggressive towards deputies.
honiker pointed a gun at officers after committing a robbery. she was shot and killed.
the man's 80-year-old father called police to report that his son was attacking him. when an officer arrived, the man reportedly stabbed him in the arm with a pair of scissors and tried to grab his gun. the officer reports that they struggled over the gun, and he then shot the man in the shin and the chest, killing him.
suspect was committing an armed robbery when confronted by the cop
police say that atkinson was a perceived threat when officers encountered him for allegedly shoplifting juice from a convenient store. police say a gun was found near his body.
a new orleans police officer shot the man late wednesday (jan. 7) after gunfire was exchanged following a traffic stop at the intersection of josephine and lasalle streets in central city, police said.
an fbi agent fatally shot desdunes during an undercover narcotics investigation. the justice department and local district attorney declined to charge the agent of any crime.
deputy david clayman, recognizing mccoy from a recent arrest warrant search, said mccoy refused to stop his vehicle and rammed the front end of his cruiser to escape. other le joined deputies on a high speed chase until mccoy crashed through a chain link fence or after a le cruiser blocked him, at which time he either ‰ÛÏran at an officer‰Û or "repeatedly rammed his vehicle" into the cruiser. deputy tom dula, standing next to mccoy's vehicle, said he commanded him to stop and then fired 8 shots, hitting him 6 times and killing him. mccoy was unarmed.
clark tried to run over two policemen friday evening while fleeing the scene of an active meth lab on bay street. he was shot by the officers and died of his injuries.
responding to a "suspicious person" call where clayburn was working, officers jared riley and branden clark approached him. he allegedly "reacted in a violent manner", got into his vehicle and drove away, dragging one of the officers with it. a witness saw the other officer running and shooting at the vehicle. clayburn, shot six times, drove into the hamersville village board of public affairs building, causing extensive damage. the coroner said he died from gunshot wounds, not the crash.
winston-salem police officer shot montez, which the department classifies as ‰ÛÏhomicide by law enforcement.‰Ûhambric, a resident of durham, fled from a car accident involving a stolen vehicle on may 25, according to police. the police said cpl. dw walsh fired a single round from his service weapon at hambric after the man physically assaulted the officer during an attempt to take him into custody.
police were called to respond to a trespasser on smody's property. when the officer arrived he 'came under fire'. the officer returned fire, killing smody.
a late-evening domestic dispute in which terzani flourished a handgun developed into a five-hour manhunt, involving multiple jurisdictions and closure of several roads. after extended negotiations terzani appeared on the threshold of his own house and pointed his gun at police. a state trooper fatally shot him.
todd approached deputy winders with a weapon and would not respond to orders to stop, resulting in winders shooting and killing todd.
when jamie nicole campbell's mother reported her missing, police tracked her car. hernandez, her husband, was armed and holding her hostage in the car. negotiators communicated all night via phone. in "an effort to protect campbell and prevent hernandez from taking his own life", deputies "were authorized to execute an emergency assault". when they approached the car, hernandez shot campbell in the abdomen. deputies immediately shot and killed him.
mccray allegedly burglarized a target, and when police arrived to investigate, he rammed a patrol car, injuring the officer, then preceded to lead police and the state patrol on a high-speed freeway chase. police and state troopers cornered him at a rest stop. when they got out of their cars to arrest mccray, he attempted to run them over and four officers shot and killed him.
jones apparently had an altercation with his girlfriend, then barricaded himself in the bedroom of the house once the police arrived. jones then made "an overt gesture towards responding officers" and was then shot.
deputies responding to a domestic dispute after midnight fell into an armed standoff with sharp, inside his house, who emerged at least twice to fire at the police before he was shot dead.
palmer's landlord wanted him to leave. palmer decided to burn the place down. deputies responded to the fire. palmer was aggressive and was ultimately shot and killed.
a deputy spotted louk, who was a suspect in several bank robberies, in a parking lot. three law enforcement vehicles, one possibly marysville police department, chased louk's suv at high speeds. witnesses to the chase claim bullets were being fired and that they heard a crash as louk's vehicle became stuck in a railroad track. investigators claim that at that poing louk refused to surrender, and that gunfire was exchanged. two yuba county deputies shot at louk's truck, killing him. investigators also claim the fatal injury was "possibly self-inflicted."
allen was shot after attempting to rob an off-duty officer at gunpoint, who shot the 21-year-old three times in the chest after the officer fought him off. he later died at a nearby hospital.
police responded to a call that storay was causing a disturbance on a city bus. as the officer escorted storay off the bus, storay allegedly hit him with a cane. the officer responded by shooting and killing storay. storay was a disabled army veteran who required the cane to walk. in 2011, storay filed a lawsuit against the north little rock police department after three officers allegedly assaulted him.
officers pursued a stolen car; the driver stopped and exited the vehicle and foot pursuit ensued; the officer thought he saw a handgun fall out of the suspect's waistband and fired at him.
police say michael goodman, 64, was in violation of a no contact order when he went to his wife's home this morning. when police tried to arrest him, he allegedly pulled a knife and rushed towards two officers. one of them shot and killed goodman.
kenzell hobbs, 18, of north little rock, died of his injuries following a string of car burglaries and a manhunt that took place along university avenue.
police responded to a possible burglary in progress. department‰Ûªs special investigations division and property crimes detectives searched the area, at which time two suspects fled in a vehicle. police attempted to pull it over. they stopped and tried to flee on foot, at one point daniel allegedly struggled with a detective and tried to take his gun. a second detective arrived and shot daniel dead at the scene.
dipiazza was shot and killed by officers after she refused to comply with the officer's orders to drop the gun.
charles carll was armed with a knife and reportedly attacked his wife with the knife. police officers initially tasered the man, but it failed to restrain him. the man ignored the officers' verbal commands and was fatally shot by the officers.[47]
saunders pointed a gun at an officer, prompting the officer to shoot and kill saunders.
robertson had stopped his chevrolet s-10 pickup across the roadway forcing the law enforcement officers to stop. when the special agent and deputy identified themselves as law enforcement, robertson displayed a weapon and began shooting at the law enforcement officers. the special agent and deputy returned fire
jameson was wearing a mask and intruded in an acquaintance's home. deputies arrived and shot and killed jameson after a short fight.
officers responding to a call of a suicidal man found livers in front of his home holding a gun, and fatally shot him after he pulled out the weapon.
foster stabbed his wife and friend. police then entered the conflict and would refuse to drop his weapon, resulting in him getting shot and killed by officers.
veteran reynoso was shot to death by a local officer in his own apartment, in front of his five-year-old son. police had responded to a report of reynoso acting erratically and claimed that the victim had managed to grab one of the officer's pistols and fired two shots. subsequent investigation found grave problems with the police account, and called into question the da's exoneration of these officers and many others.
police attempted to bring kehoe into custody for a robbery at this scene (the former danvers state insane asylum), and for prior outstanding warrants. kehoe lunged towards an officer with a knife and was shot to death.
liniger was the office manager at a storage facility. on the day of the incident, she stopped two customers leaving the storage facility at the gate, behaving very erratically. when one of them called 911, she retrieved a weapon and shot out their tire. police arrived and tried to negotiate with liniger, but when she raised her weapon, they open fired, killing her. liniger battled severe depression according to her daughter.
police were investigating two burglaries and attempting to execute a search warrant on a property when they encountered potts, who fled. potts was killed by members of a special response team after allegedly firing at officers.
mcneil was wanted on domestic violence charges. officers confronted him at his home. mcneil pointed a loaded gun at officers, prompting the officers to shoot and kill mcneil.
arenas heard noises outside his home around 4 a.m. he retrieved a gun and inspected the situation. he asked who was there and fired his weapon. it was in fact an officer who returned fire, killing arenas.
longoria led officers in a car chase. his vehicle was rammed. longoria later got out turned around with his hands up when an officer fired a shot, killing him.
clowers and an accomplice were being chased by police after allegedly robbing a sex shop, when the two abandoned their vehicle and attempted to flee on foot. though the sheriff's office initially said gunfire was exchanged before clowers was killed, but later media reports found that the pair was unarmed and clowers was shot in the back as he fled.
a team of mesa police officers and u.s. marshals located 33-year-old travis trisoliere in mesa and attempted to make a traffic stop to serve felony arrest warrants. trisoliere allegedly went for a gun and was shot by officers.
gumm broke into his ex-wife's home and stabbed her and her boyfriend. police arrived on scene and gumm acted aggressive with his knife, leading police to shoot and kill him.
home confinement officers were checking up on wickline at his home, a condition of a bond in connection with child neglect resulting in death, when he pulled a gun on them and fled on an atv. when officers followed, he shot at them and was killed by return fire
friday's incident began about 10:07 p.m. when salem police officer trevor morrison made a traffic stop at watson avenue and alameda street ne, one block south of eastgate basin park in northeast salem. a cover officer was requested, a foot pursuit ensued and shortly thereafter shots were fired and the suspect was wounded, said lt. dave okada, a spokesman for the salem police department. officers gave first aid to the woman until medics arrived. she was pronounced dead at salem hospital. morrison was with police dog baco at the time, and neither were injured. as officers gave aid and secured the scene, they found a gun near the suspect, okada said in a press release.
apparently acting on a long-held paranoid grudge, hickey came armed to an rv park as a former resident, sought out a specific general manager, and wounded him with gunfire. he then settled into randomly shooting throughout the park and paused at a picnic table to reload. he was shot to death by county and state police.
ornelas was a convicted violent felon, out of prison but awaiting trial on charges stemming from a drive-by shooting. he was pulled over on the freeway when the state patrol stopped to offer assistance. as the troopers approached the car on on foot, ornelas pulled a gun and shot one trooper in the leg. the trooper's partner returned fire, killing ornelas. the injured trooper survived.
following a police chase, an armed goble allegedly shot at officers, who then returned fire.
led police on a high-speed chase after assaulting his wife. he called his employer and told them he was going to commit suicide by cop. he stopped his car at which officers gave him verbal commands that mr. goble ignored as he walked toward the police yelling "shoot me" while holding a shotgun. goble fired a shot at police and they returned fire. even though goble was shot he continued hold the shotgun and pointed at officers, who at that point shot and killed goble.
suspect allegedly fired shots from his van through the window of an empty police car outside the belding police department. officer on duty gave chase, called in state police. low-speed chase resulted in suspect stopping, being ordered out of van, and allegedly firing on officers. belding officer jason cooper cleared of wrongdoing. suspect "not intentionally violent" according to family.
officer approached because the vehicle appeared similar to one that fired shots near a school. rodriquez-moncada opened fire as soon as the officer told him to get out of the car, and the two exchanged more than a dozen shots, police say. the officer was hit and rodriquez-moncada was shot and killed.
dps and police put spike strips on the highway to stop swindle, who was driving an allegedly stolen truck. swindle swerved to avoid the strips and hit trooper zach mills, breaking his leg. witness kateria clifton states that she then heard the truck head straight into a pasture, then "chaos as all the law enforcement behind him followed". a reporter also states that a "center police officer wrecked his car in the confusion". trooper dustin ramos and officer dwayne gordon fired 19-21 shots into the truck. swindle, who the police claim was naked, was struck five times.
turner and a friend had conspired to rob a beer delivery truck but ran after police arrived. an officer caught turner and struggled with him before fatally shooting him.
after a failed robbery attempt, officers found rieves on the second floor of milwaukee's downtown transit center and attempted to negotiate with him. rieves became threatening, and the officers shot and killed the 17-year-old.
milwaukee police were investigating a fight when they heard shots fired. they responded to where they heard the shots and were confronted by carter. when police saw him with the gun, police told him to drop it. he did not, and they shot and killed him.
police say officers found nowicki standing outside holding two butcher knives. they say he ignored commands to drop the knives and began advancing on the officers, one of whom opened fire.
arnold had returned to his home at 2512 n. standard st., driving through a barricade police had set up as they investigated the stabbing death of 46-year-old tracy fergerstrom. when he stopped the blue pickup truck and climbed out with a gun in his hand, officers openedåÊfire.
detectives received information about a possible suspect in a recent armed robbery and had corkery's home under surveillance when the suspect appeared. the detectives called in the swat team as they attempted to get corkery out of the house using a pa system. he eventually came out of the house and appeared to have a gun in his left hand. while speaking with officers, corkery made a threatening move, and officers opened fire. a weapon was recovered at the scene on the porch close to where corkery was standing.
spokane police officers responded to a suspicious person call near the area of division and n. river drive. officers were advised a red dodge truck had intentionally collided with another vehicle in what appeared to be a possible road rage incident. officers located the red dodge a short time later on n. division. a short pursuit was initiated by officers which ended in the parking lot of the salvation army, located at 204 e. indiana. when officers attempted to contact the suspect an altercation took place. officers ultimately shot the suspect.
police tracked justin cairns, who was accused of killing cyrus jones, to a home in nine mile falls. they contacted the cairns outside of the house. police chief frank straub said cairns came outside and shut off the lights. police said the man failed to follow commands when he was confronted by the officers and took off running. police shot and killed him.
police shot and killed dorfman after he led officers on a chaotic chase through a south hill neighborhood. dorfman had previous arrests for assaulting and eluding law enforcement officers.
police say davis shot a woman multiple times at a lexington gas station and after a pursuit was himself shot and killed by a scott county sheriff's deputy.
wooten fired at authorities, led them on a small chase, held his cousin and girlfriend hostage, and after a violent standoff wooten was shot and killed.
mayer was driving erratically. deputies stopped her, and mayer then tried to hit deputies with her car, deputies then shot and killed mayer.
officers were called after waltman's wife called to report a domestic disturbance. officers arrived to find waltman chasing his wife in separate vehicles, and subsequently shot her and himself in the side before police fired and killed him. the killing was ruled justified.
after a traffic stop, deputies shot legnon after he pointed a shotgun at them. the 25-year-old had a lengthy criminal history and was a member of white supremacy group, and had spoke of wanting to shoot a police officer in the days preceding his death.
police began pursuing williams after they saw him get into a car that allegedly had a gun in it. williams crashed into a brick wall and attempted to flee on foot. one of the officers, believing williams to be armed and dangerous, shot the suspect six times, including twice in the back. incident captured on police dash cam. district attorney ruled shooting justified. officer who shot williams was involved in a previous fatal encounter.
officers arrived at hull's home after his girlfriend called police worried that the 56-year-old was going to kill himself. officers shot and killed hull after he became agitated and pointed a rifle at responding officers.
officers responding to reports of a home invasion found slimick leaving the home and armed with a handgun. police and slimick exchanged gunfire, and a wounded slimick allegedly took his own life shortly after.
a suicidal army ranger grew increasingly violent in the months before he broke into the home of a former lover -- his cousin's wife -- and tussled with police officers who fatally shot him.
deputies were called to cook's family home, where he was present in violation of a domestic violence protection order. cook appeared at the door with a shotgun then barricaded himself in the house. during two hours of negotiations, cook repeatedly threatened the lives of deputies. when he returned to the door with the shotgun, three swat officers opened fired and killed him. shooting justified by district attorney.
the imperial county sheriff's department is releasing very little information on this officer involved shooting. it happened just before 6pm on friday, april 18th. parra was pulled over by deputies on highway 86 near salton city in the course of that traffic stop, he was shot and killed by deputies.
ayala was parolee with a misdemeanor warrant. when authorities made contact, a shootout occurred. ayala was shot and killed.
bass' son lance states that bass shot his coworker jamie c. guin 5 times (fatal) and brother joseph valie once with a 9mm during an argument in the car lance was driving. joseph jumped from the car and bass chased, shot and killed him. officer robert davis' vehicle arrived at what he thought was a traffic accident, and while he talked to lance in the car bass returned, shooting several times at the police car. davis fired, killing bass at the scene. he was awarded the monroe county hometown hero award for bravery.
officers were called to clark court, near st. charles high school, for a domestic disturbance. neighbors said brown was threatening them and igniting fireworks, which led to a fire. brown was armed with weapons and failed to comply with officers' instructions. brown allegedly repeated his threats to officers and approached them. one of the officers attempted to taser brown, but it was ineffective. one officer fired at him. brown was taken to a nearby hospital but died a short time later. brown was found to have had a bb gun.
a citizen called authorities after seeing webb and jabari a. quarles act suspiciously in parking lot near check 'n go. after webb and quarles tied up staff and robbed the business, officers confronted them as they left the premises. when an officer attempted to arrest webb, a short struggle ensued during which webb allegedly produced a tec-9. the officer shot him once in the chest. webb was transported to a local hospital where he died. quarles was arrested without injury.
deputies were searching for nims. they found him in a home at cedar drive. he tried to flee from the home, but was stopped. he refused to drop his gun and shot and wounded two deputies. deputies then shot and killed nims.
police said garcia had fled from illinois state police after multiple traffic violations earlier and fled again when a missouri highway patrol trooper spotted him southeast of st. clair on interstate 44. authorities used tire spikes to try to stop his car. officers shot and killed him after garcia accelerated his car and pointed a gun at them, the highway patrol said.
ramirez was confronted by an officer who identified him as a suspect from an earlier robbery. ramirez refused to follow the officer's commands and was shot when he made a downward reaching motion. no weapon was found.
at 1:30 on a monday morning a local officer approached three people in a parked car. back-seat passenger shaw, with an extensive criminal record, emerged from the car but refused to follow orders to keep his hands in view. an attempt to taser him did not work because of thick clothing. he reached for a (replica) handgun in his clothes, and he was fatally shot.
billings police responded to a burglary call where two suspects and a rifle were observed. police negotiators were able to get the suspects to surrender. upon being placed in the patrol car, brawley was able to slip out of his handcuffs and attempted to commandeer the police vehicle and nearly ran over officer dave punt. punt fired nine shots, causing the vehicle to crash and fatally killing brawley.
knight, a utah county resident suspected in a draper bank robbery, fled from police on interstate 15; troopers and motorists said he pointed a gun at them. officers stopped knight in davis county. he got out with a handgun, exchanged heated words with officers, and pointed the gun at them, investigators said. four of them opened fire.
witnesses say thomas crashed his golf cart into his neighbor's house who then called police. highway patrol, pender county sheriff's office, and surf city police arrived, went to the back of the house, and did not announce themselves. thomas, who did not know they were police, fired a warning shot to scare them off. police fired back, incapacitated thomas, and continued to fire.
after a failed traffic stop and brief chase, avechuco allegedly drove his vehicle towards an officer who fatally fired and shot the 40-year-old. the shooting was later ruled justified.
sanchez, a sinewy 5-foot-9 car mechanic who spoke english well after spending 15 years in the united states, had allegedly leapt from under a mesquite bush and lunged to seize the agent‰Ûªs firearm, forcing him to shoot.
two patrol units were dispatched to 1200 block of paseo san luis where estrada was in the front yard of the residence brandishing a machete. estrada began making aggressive statements and started walking toward one of the officers. officer michael rathmann fired his department-issue weapon at estrada, who sustained multiple gunshot wounds. emergency medical personnel were contacted and quickly responded to provide life-saving measures. estrada was transported to the emergency department at the sierra vista regional health center where he was pronounced dead shortly thereafter.
police pulled villanueva over for allegedly driving erratically. villanueva pulled over at first, but then bolted, leading police on a high-speed freeway chase and crashing into at least two police vehicles. when villanueva attempted to ram a third vehicle, the officer fired and hit villaneuva twice, who crashed his car into the median barrier and died. villanueva previously had told police he would some day commit "suicide by cop."
an officer was checking on a suspicious vehicle in the car wash‰Ûªs parking lot. during the contact, the officer shot arias, the sole occupant of the vehicle. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
fillingim was shot and killed by police after threatening his family with a knife and then attempting to take his own life.
mcglothlin's vehicle was chased by police for an unknown reason, and when it got stuck in a ditch he fled on foot. he was reportedly tracked by a k-9 in a apartment complex shed. deputies report that he drew a pistol. they shot him multiple times, killing him.
york county deputies say an officer shot a 70-year-old man reaching for a cane during a traffic stop because he thought the man was grabbing a rifle from the bed of his pickup truck.
officers serving a felony warrant entered the home where white was staying, and shot him after he pointed a handgun at officers.
rios was fatally shot in the back of the head by off-duty officer sgt. jason blackwelder. officers were detaining rios outside a wal-mart on suspicion of shoplifting when the teen fled into the woods. blackwelder, who was off-duty, followed him and killed him during an alleged struggle. on september 26, 2013, blackwelder was indicted on one count of manslaughter, one count of tampering with a government document and one count of false report to a police officer.
shot while entering hotel room during a drug search.
chief mcneese was on a hunting trip with a friend when he accidentally shot and killed his friend whitman.
campus police received reports that flint, not a student, was seen loading a gun. officers responded and flint fled on foot. officers fatally shot him in the back and the back of the neck. witnesses maintain flint was unarmed.
williams and another man were stopped by police who matched their descriptions to a pair that had recently committed a nearby armed robbery. the officer shot williams after he refused to put down what appeared to be a gun, but was actually a bb gun.
police were responding to a domestic dispute. officers shot and killed kelley after he allegedly fired a weapon at them.
osburn was a suspect in a murder investigation of a woman in lincolnton. during a traffic stop, he attempted to shoot an officer and then fled into the lantern ridge apartment complex. there was a standoff for hours. then osburn exited the complex with a weapon and fired at officers. police returned fire and killed osburn.
an officer stopped stallings in the area of craven terrace. stallings ran away from police and started shooting at two officers. police fired back and killed stallings. one of the officers, thalmann, also died later from his injuries. "i see him coming up and see him putting the bike down. i'm seeing the police car pull up and asking him to 'come here'. he was like, 'sir why are you stopping me' and i guess it was because of the bike because he did not have a light, but he did have a light on the bike."
two sayre police officers tried to serve plaster a felony warrants for failure to pay child support and attempting to elude police while under the influence. police chased plaster and called for backup. a beckham county deputy responded and attempted to arrest plaster. police says plaster hit the deputy several times with an axe. the deputy fired several shots, and at least one bullet struck and killed plaster.
dispatchers received a report of a disturbance. caller said screams could be heard coming from a residence, and a gun was fired. deputies responded and confronted baker who had a gun. one of the officers fired a shot. baker was pronounced dead at the hospital shortly after the incident.
mccommas ambushed a hood county deputy and killed him. he drove into granbury, shooting at the city hall, wounding an officer before another shot and killed him.
officer james eichel shot and killed 30-year-old alfred redwine after police said redwine shot at least one shot while standing outside of his apartment near 60th street and central. police were called to the scene after a 14-year-old girl said redwine pointed a gun at her.
police happened across two rival street groups in an active firefight, cooper among them. three local plainclothes officers engaged both groups when they were fired on. cooper was the only shooting victim.
coyle was shot by two police officers who say they feared for their lives when coyle got out of his car and pulled a gun on them.
police were initially called to the neighborhood on a domestic disturbance call. when police arrived, pooley fled the house, ran into another home and took a 13-year-old hostage. the situation was resolved when pooley went to the front door to retrieve some items. the swat team shot him.
davis was in the middle of robbing a family dollar store when officers arrived and ordered him to surrender. davis attempted to flee and was shot several times. the officer involved in the shooting was cleared of any wrongdoing.
a man allegedly robbed a bank teller and was leaving the bank when he pointed what appeared to be a weapon at the uniformed off-duty officer paid to stand guard outside the bank. that officer shot and killed him.
fisher had received an "safety equipment repair order" for his vehicle and came to the state police barracks to have it approved. the duty officer met him in the parking lot -- then called for help. two more troopers found the duty officer lying with injuries consistent with being run down, and fisher in his car, yards away, fatally shot.
norris was a fugitive and a passenger in a car stopped at a traffic light. a member of the maryland state apprehension team that takes violent fugitives into custody shot him. norris was armed with two revolvers.
garber became involved in a domestic incident with his estranged wife while having an adverse reaction to an antidepressant he had been prescribed. he left the scene before police arrived and eventually returned to his parents' home, where he was living. he sent a text to his wife that he had a gun and was going to kill her. police arrived, rushed into his bedroom without any attempt to talk to him and reportedly fired 16 shots, 14 of which hit garber, killing him. no gun was found.
barker was shot and killed at a dui checkpoint after attempting to pull a gun on an officer. the officer was later cleared of any wrongdoing.
police attempted toåÊmake contact with persons residing in the home as part of a narcotics investigation. valdes exited the house armed with a shotgun. the deputies ordered him to drop the weapon several times, but valdes ignored the commands and fired at the deputies. police returned fire, killing valdes.
police were called to snyder's location and attempted to negotiate with him, asking him to put down what was later revealed to be an air rifle. snyder refused to do so and was eventually shot by police after pointing the air gun at officers. the shooting was later determined to be justified.
police responding to reports of an armed man making threats shot spooner after he fled a home and exchanged gunfire with a group of police.
three probation / parole officers and a county sheriff's deputy attempted to locate shannon's brother wayne in his mother's trailer, although they were also aware of a warrant out for shannon's arrest regarding intoxication. shannon attempted to hide in a dark bedroom, resisted officers and reportedly threatened to shoot them. he was shot three times and died later that evening. he'd been unarmed, holding a cellphone.
an off-duty border patrol agent from california shot and killed an unknown man in a residential area of detroit after socializing with family members. remarkably the name of the victim, the circumstances and any justification for the homicide have been withheld from the public without explanation.
an off-duty detroit police officer fatally shot a suspected carjacker early monday outside a southfield apartment complex. the shooting happened around 2 a.m. at the sutton place apartments in the 23000 block riverside dr., near 9 mile road and lahser. police say the officer was getting out of his dodge charger when he was approached by two armed suspects. "fearing for his safety, he fired several round and struck one suspect," said southfield lt. nick louissa.
a member of the oakland county narcotics enforcement team fatally shot austin ryan thomas during an undercover drug operation. the suspect allegedly tried to rob an undercover officer and put a weapon to his head. the officer pulled his weapon and shot thomas, he was pronounced dead a short time later at the hospital.
stevenson traded shots with police during an early-morning traffic stop, led officers on a high-speed chase, crashed his red pickup into a house, tried to smash house windows to gain entry, then threatened officers with a knife. with multiple agencies responding it was a state trooper who shot him to death.
an officer responding to a domestic disturbance call was shot at by morehead, who was equipped with a high-power rifle. the officer returned fire and fatally shot morehead, and was later cleared of any wrongdoing by the county district attorney.
justin aguilar was shot by police after he opened fire against them following an attempted robbery at the new-way convenience store in the 1300 block of south green street.
elizabeth ann vinson was shot and killed in a vehicle outside a residence. when officers arrived at the home, her brother-in-law 37-year-old randy ray vinson, armed with a rifle, was on the bridge over rabbit creek. when randy fired his weapon, he was shot and killed by officers from the kilgore police department and the gregg county sheriff's department.
an officer responding to calls of a fight at a local restaurant found clayton in his car and revving the engine. the officer fatally shot clayton, and was later cleared of wrongdoing by a grand jury despite significant protests.
a sheriff's deputy was called to roberts' home for a domestic disturbance, where he found roberts acting agitated and accusing the deputy of not being an actual officer. roberts was shot after picking up a weapon and pointing it at the deputy.
barrios was suspected of battery and police went to his home to interrogate him. they found barrios in the road outside his home holding a sawed-off shotgun and another firearm. barrios pointed the firearms in the direction of the deputies, and three out of four of the officers opened fire, killing him. the four officers were placed on leave pending an investigation by the florida department of law enforcement.
after an officer responded to a couple causing a disturbance and allegedly tampering with a vehicle, the officer shot and killed oliver when she got behind the wheel of his patrol car and put it in drive.
blackfeet police officers were responding to reports of a man with a gun. according to the fbi, spotted bear was armed during the incident and shots were exchanged, and spotted bear was hit during the exchange and died upon arrival at the hospital.
cravey was being chased after he allegedly stabbed a stranger on university of florida campus. after wrecking his vehicle, he allegedly approached officers with a raised hatchet.
deputies responded to a call in the tower oaks glenn apartment complex after receiving a complaint about an assault and battery. upon arrival, the deputies made contact with clark and sometime during the communication with the deputies, clark shot one in the upper torso. the deputy returned fire striking clark multiple times, killing him.
a man who slashed two passengers in a box-cutter rampage aboard a casino-bound tour bus was shot to death on interstate 95 by a connecticut state trooper, who also accidentally shot one of the injured passengers
members of the statewide urban violence cooperative crime control task force on a "gun-running" stakeout reportedly approached a car in which williams was a passenger. police state that driver kiara davis and/or williams pointed guns at them in an attempt to escape. four officers including det. christopher barona, who had killed bryan stukes 04/13, opened fire, shooting possibly more than 40 rounds into the car. williams was hit "numerous times" and davis was wounded in the face.
ridgefield police, responding to a call of a domestic dispute, saw valluzzo with a handgun. officers ordered him to put down his weapon, but valluzzo refused to comply, raised the gun toward the officers and was shot and killed.
stukes drew a shotgun on a gay male that he'd been bullying. a detective, who happened to be inside a nearby fish market, saw this, went outside, drew his pistol and ordered stukes to drop the gun. stukes ran from the detective, tripped while running and dropped his weapon. he was shot a second after dropping the weapon and getting back on his feet, according to the chief state's attorney's office
islam was shot after a car chase with police that ended in a shootout.
bastrop deputies responded to a 911 call regarding gunshots. reports are unclear as to what exactly happened. yvette was shot when coming out the door at the direction of the police. they may have believed she had a gun, though she did not. the sheriff's department initially claimed that she was disregarding officer commands, but later retracted that statement
during a multi-agency raid on a marijuana farm, sheriff deputies report that when they identified themselves to millan and daniel ramirez, 30, millan opened fire on them. they returned fire, killing him. ramirez was taken into custody.
two officers were involved in the killing of an estranged husband who had broken into his wife's home and attacked with a meat cleaver, auburn police said.
euharlee police said 17-year-old christopher roupe pointed a gun at one of their officers on feb. 14, when officers knocked on the door of the family‰Ûªs home to serve a probation warrant for roupe‰Ûªs father. family members, however, said the teen was holding a nintendo wii controller.
paulding deputies spotted a man in a car who matched the description of a suspect involved in a home invasion. they followed him to his home. when they approached him, he fled into a wooded area. thomas allegedly fired at deputies. they returned fire, killing him.
mason was shot and killed by public safety officers during an ongoing sexual assault investigation. the michigan sex offender registry show mason was a registered sex offender.
officers located a domestic assault suspect several hours after the initial complaint. he was shot during an ensuing confrontation.
deputies were on routine duty around a mini-mart in ruston. they came into contact with a group of individuals in the parking lot of the convenience store. one of those individuals was richardson. he immediately began running from the deputy who pursuit him on foot. a deputy identified himself and ordered the suspect to stop. as the pursuit continued, richardson suddenly stopped and pointed a weapon at police. a deputy fired multiple shots. richardson was taken to north louisiana medical center for treatment and was later pronounced dead.
glenn was identified as a suspect in the armed robbery and kidnapping. officers were responding to a telephone tip when they found him at hampton inn. glenn didn't comply with the officers' commands to show his hands before confronting them with a replica firearm. he was shot and taken to northern louisiana medical center where he died.
taylor county deputy robert lundy was on duty, getting his patrol car serviced at the dealership on the 24-hundred block of south byron butler parkway. that's when claugue crashed his vehicle into the front of the building and opened fire. deputy lundy and the suspect exchanged shots, and claugue was killed.
garcia juargeui was a parolee who shot a utah county sheriff in a traffic stop in eagle mountain, a multi-county chase ensued, juargeui was shot after his car was disabled on i-15 the same day
reaves was waving a gun near a building on railroad avenue. police received a call and responded. when an officer approached him, he pointed the gun toward the officer who shot reaves. he died on friday night at the medical university of charleston.
robbed a pizza hut, shot by police who were waiting outside.
robbed a pizza hut, gunned down by police who were outside waiting for them.
county and batf officers chased smith by car and on foot into a wooded area. cornered, he was ordered to show his hands, and he reportedly kept moving as if to produce a handgun. they fired 24 rounds. nine fatally struck him. his sister claims he was unarmed, while police haven't confirmed whether he was armed or not.
mckinney was in his trailer firing rounds towards police. police returned fire, killing mckinney
powers attempted to kill off-duty deputy eubanks. eubanks fired his weapon in self-defense, killing powers.
golden was shot to death by a state trooper after he slashed a woman's throat.
family and friends described murphy as depressed and addicted to drugs after the passing of his wife of 21 years. he was the prime suspect in the afternoon robbery of hundreds of oxycontin pills from a local drug store. local police attempted to arrest him at his house around 7 p.m., starting a 17-hour armed standoff that left murphy shot to death and a state trooper seriously wounded from a gunshot to the eye.
jackson was responsible for a string of robberies. police were on his tail when jackson shot at them, prompting them to fire back, killing jackson
police arrived to a domestic violence situation.a 75-year-old resident came out on the porch with a handgun. officers told him to put it down, he refused and was shot and killed.
marble, drunk, pointed his pistol in officers' direction - prompting officers to shoot and kill marble.
pfalzgraf was driving the get-away car after a purse-snatching at a nearby mall when he allegedly swerved towards a police officer. the officer shot and killed pfalzgraf, and was later cleared of any wrongdoing.
deputies arrived at hill's residence. hill manually opened the garage and raised a gun towards deputies prompting them to shoot and kill hill.
a warrant had been issued for delagarza's arrest for domestic violence. he was already on parole for a prior assault conviction. he was cruising around live oak county in his hummer when state troopers and deputies started chasing him. police put down spike strips that flattened both of his tires. but he did not give up even after authorities spun his hummer around. finally, when delagarza tried to hit a deputy with his car, police opened fire. he died at the scene.
officers stopped a car for failure to use a turn signal. the man, who they believed to be in the country illegally, ran, they chased him into a home, tasered him, and then shot him to death.
officers were investigating the theft of a vehicle on aggie road. during the investigation, ware who was a suspect was in trailer #33 with a woman and several children. he fired at officers, and corporal john eidson fired back. the jonesboro police department's tactical unit arrived and was able to pull the children to safety from a rear window. ware was found dead in the trailer.
attebery may have fired his rifle at officers. swat responded and fired on attebery, killing him.
two women called police and reported that spencer was stalking them. when police arrived, spencer fled in his pickup, leading police on a dangerous high-speed chase. deputies cornered spencer, who then attempted to ram them with his vehicle. deputies shot and killed spencer because they feared for their own safety. spencer had recently been arrested and was reportedly having family problems.
the department says officer aaron nick was checking a report of a suspicious vehicle on toledo blade boulevard, about a half mile north of i-75. the department says a man inside the suspicious vehicle, which was a white minivan, brandished a weapon during the incident and was shot.the victim was pronounced dead at the hospital.
skorev was involved in an attempted homicide after an argument over a pool game. officers tried to stop his car as he drove toward officers. officers opened fire. skorev got away but died not long after.
police responded to a domestic disturbance call about a man with a knife and machete. officers report that they knocked on habay's door and when he didn't answer, they forced the door open, believing a woman was inside. they report that they saw him with a knife and machete, and that he did not follow commands to get down and/or drop the knife. when he swung the knives at them as he ran out the door, officer vincent gallerani shot him twice.
police had obtained a search warrant for the house in connection to an investigation. when officers went to the house to execute the warrant, gunfire was exchanged.
martin was shot and killed by a fellow u.s. border patrol agent, adam s. garibay. garibay discovered that his wife and martin had had an affair, assaulted and handcuffed his wife in corpus christi, then drove to hondo to kill martin. garibay has been charged with murder.
deputy was called to rural location on report of suicidal man. man was standing on porch with a gun when deputy arrived, and fired at deputy. deputy returned fire, killing man. shooting was referred to oklahoma state board of investigation. results of investigation unknown.
authorities shot and killed toney accused of gunning down his estranged wife and her daughter at their rural franklin county home.
eshelman was shot after officers responded to a disturbance call. he was armed with a large knife when officers contacted him. at some point, the police shot eshelman who was transported to samaritan hospital in moses lake where he was pronounced dead.
police responded to a report of domestic dispute, went to street's house and saw street with a high-powered rifle. the officers identified themselves and ordered street to put down his weapon. he refused and then pointed the gun at the officers who fired in response.
officers were investigating a suspicious vehicle and discovered jackson inside the truck. he tried to use his truck to hit harrisburg police officers. they opened fire and killed him.
kendall alexander was a former police officer married to crystal alexander, a st. martin parish sheriff's office deputy. they had a rocky relationship which included several restraining orders against kendall. in circumstances that remain unclear, crystal shot and killed kendall in their apartment. she was off duty at the time. crystal no longer works at the sheriff's office and was indicted on second-degree murder charge in july, 2014. at this writing, september 2014, she is awaiting trial.
jones allegedly shot sammy butler who suffered two gunshot wounds. the initial shooting stemmed from a domestic dispute. police responded to multiple 911 calls indicating a shooting had occurred in the area. an officer spotted the alleged shooter and that's when gunfire was exchanged between police and jones.
police were called to a residence where pickett had stabbed a woman several times, and were met by the 52-year-old holding a gun. an officer fatally shot pickett when he refused to drop the weapon.
trooper lawrence andrew litzell was trying to stop wingo following a traffic stop and foot chase in palatka when wingo fired a .25-caliber handgun at the officer. litzell fired back, killing wingo.
the putnam county sheriff's office responded to calls following reports of shots fired. when deputies arrived on scene, mahoney was on his back porch with a handgun. negotiators worked with mahoney for an hour in an attempt to get him to put the gun down. mahoney allegedly refused and deputies deployed a taser, but it was not effective. mahoney then fired his gun hitting a deputy in the arm. deputies returned fire, striking mahoney who was transported to the hospital. he died on the way.
dorris raised a weapon at officers after dorris had an argument with his wife. officers shot and killed dorris after he raised his weapon.
brill was fatally shot by police after pointing a gun, later revealed to be a pellet rifle, at officers responding following reports of brill acting suicidal. a local district attorney cleared the officers of any charges.
vadenheuvel's ex-wife called police to report that he was in her apartment complex and had a gun, violating her restraining order. officers responding to the scene found vadenheuvel, and shot him after he pulled a gun. the officer was cleared by the county district attorney in january 2014.
police responding to reports of a domestic dispute arrived to find bendas standing in the street, holding a handgun. after failing to drop the weapon, officers fired on bendas, who was pronounced dead at the scene.
hartford police responded to the report of a disturbance at 24 heath street. officers arrived to find a trail of blood leading to the building and a suspect wielding a box cutter. he threatened police, and one of the officers shot him.
during a drug task force raid on a trailer near chillicothe, ohio, police detonated a flash-bang grenade then entered the residence to find krystal barrows on a couch with a fatal gunshot wound in the head. the shot came from the rifle of sgt. brett mcknight, reportedly unaware his weapon had discharged. mcknight was put on leave. the county police refused to release an incident report, in defiance of rulings from the state supreme court. barrows had no criminal history and was the mother of three small children.
garnham kidnapped his baby. he plowed his car through a police barricade. he threatened himself and his baby with a knife; an officer fired at him and he died.
rodriguez attacked officers with a knife and was shot and killed.
officers responded to a call of a man threatening two men with a knife in the apartment complex parking lot. when they arrived, mcglyn allegedly confronted them with a knife, and one of the officers shot him. mcglyn was pronounced dead at robert wood johnson university medical center. mcglyn had been facing three counts of making terroristic threats and two weapons offenses. mcglyn suffered from paranoid schizophrenia and was bipolar.
officers responding to a disturbance call found shaw in a nearby abandoned building. a responding officer fired and killed shaw after he allegedly produced a hatchet and charged the officers.
dwayne thomas witnessed the first shooting on 10th avenue. "the man tried to tell moorer 'it doesn't have to be this way' and put up his hands to try to defend himself, but moorer opened fire.. bam.. bam.. bam and shot him," said thomas.
selma pd says the officer, identified as dwight moorer, was off-duty when he shot and killed his ex-girlfriend, 28-year-old keoshia l. hill and her step-father, 59-year-old bill jackson.
selma police officers found their colleague, officer dwight moorer shot to death inside a white car in a driveway next to his ex-girlfriend, also dead from gunshot wounds.
police pulled greenwood's car over for a traffic violation. he fled the scene, hitting a cruiser. shortly after, he exited the vehicle with a gun and was shot to death. he was a person of interest for a recent house fire which killed his girlfriend. it's not clear if the officers were aware of this connection at the time of the shooting.
police responded to a man with a weapon outside a residence. ford's hands were covered by a shirt, and he positioned his arms as if ready to shoot the officers, and told them he would. after several verbal warnings, he was shot and later died at a hospital. he was unarmed.
police said stovall kidnapped his ex-girlfriend at her job in bulverde early friday morning. he then stole a police car and led several law enforcement agencies on a lengthy pursuit through comal and hays counties. the car came to stop about 10 miles away near the caldwell county line. stovall threatened to kill his hostage and aimed his weapon at officers, prompting two of the swat members‰ÛÓboth officers with the san marcos police department‰ÛÓto fire one shot each, killing him.
indiana state police released details on the shooting monday night. isp said authorities entered the home in which harden lived and found him there. officers on the scene said he resisted arrest and told them to "kill him." they said they then saw he had a black handgun in his possession, at which point a stun gun was deployed, but harden escaped through a window.officers chased him through nearby woods and were able to make contact with harden with a stun gun. isp said he fell, but then "distinctly" pointed his gun at them. isp said that's when authorities fired twice at harden. harden later died from his wounds.
an isp trooper conducted a traffic stop. the driver of the stopped car aggressively pinned the trooper between his (car) and another while the trooper was on foot. shots were fired and an (illinois) dnr officer who responded to the scene in fear for his life and the life of the trooper discharged his weapon and killed the offender.
officer aaron johns, age 40 and a 15-year veteran of the eugene police department, stopped a red honda mini-bike at the fire station driveway on bailey hill road. during the initial encounter, the officer removed a large knife and a hatchet from the mini-bike‰Ûªs rider, christopher lee koziatek, age 44, of eugene. during the officer‰Ûªs initial contact with the suspect, the suspect ran from the officer and the officer gave chase on foot to the southeast side of churchill high school. the officer called for emergency back-up and a lockdown of churchill high school. the officer caught the suspect, who physically resisted and assaulted the officer while also armed with a handgun. the suspect was shot by the officer. responding officers provided emergency medical aid, and fire/ems arrived. the suspect died on scene.
police responded to reports of two men in a dispute in and around a sam's food store. one of those two was whittle, armed with a knife, who refused police commands to drop his weapon. police fatally shot him and their actions were upheld by a grand jury.
officer samuel duncan was transporting jesus huerta to police headquarters shortly before 3 a.m. to pick up a warrant charging the teen with second-degree trespassing. when the officer got to the parking lot, he heard a loud noise in the car and jumped from the vehicle, police said. the patrol car rolled into a van and came to rest with huerta in the back seat. police say he shot himself in the head while he was handcuffed in the back of a patrol car.
bost had been tracked to north carolina central university by durham police, prompting university officials to lock down the school for several hours. the university said that campus police approached bost, but he fired a shotgun at an officer, and nccu police returned fire. bost ran into a wooded area. authorities found him and told him to surrender, leading to a second exchange of gunfire and the man's death.
the incident occurred after police were dispatched to a stabbing call. they began looking around and saw ocampo and approached him as a possible witness, according to the durham police. witnesses indicated that ocampo was waiting at the front of his residence to talk with officers about a prior altercation. as three police officers arrived, one noticed that ocampo had a kitchen knife in his back pocket, and the officer announced to the other two officers the presence of the knife. at least two of the officers then drew their weapons, and ordered ocampo to throw down the knife. according to witnesses, ocampo then took the knife from his pocket by the blade and presented the handle of the knife to the officer standing in front of him. someone nearby then yelled to ocampo in spanish to throw the knife down, and as he was handing the officer the handle of the knife, one of officers shot ocampo, striking him multiple times in the chest. he died at the scene.
officer was attacked by hathaway with a wooden mallet. a fight ensued and as hathaway struggled for the officer's gun, the officer shot him twice.
sheriff‰Ûªs deputies shot and killed a 13-year-old boy who was carrying a replica assault rifle they mistook for the real thing.
urbano moreno morales stabbed and seriously wounded the mother of his adult son with a knife outside a starbucks store in windsor's town green neighborhood. morales walked away from the neighborhood, and started stabbing himself before police approached him. morales then charged at the officers with the knife and was then shot to death.[100]
police received a call from a woman whose friend was sending her text messages saying she had been kidnapped. police located the vehicle and attempted to pull it over. shreckengaust, the driver, refused to stop, and eventually crashed into an embankment. a deputy shot shreckengaust several times, killing him, when he allegedly leaned to the right of the car. police did not find a gun. the woman, an acquaintance of shreckengaust, was not harmed.
officers responding to a domestic disturbance call discovered that bell had taken a rifle and fled into a nearby forest. after a short search, officers shot the unarmed bell after he approached a group of officers and made threatening hand motions.
police were "conducting a felony narcotics investigation" and spotted jones, who reportedly was a case suspect. when they "tried to conduct a traffic stop" he led them on a vehicle chase, allegedly shooting at them. he then ran over stop sticks placed on a highway, lost control of his car, and hit a concrete barrier. a witness states that jones exchanged fire with at least one officer. two officers shot and killed him.
a man wanted on robbery and attempted murder was fatally shot after an officer stopped him in the parking lot of a wal-mart. an officer stopped turner's pickup in the store lot after seeing that it matched the description of one that fled a robbery. the officer reported hearing a gunshot from inside the truck and returned gunfire toward the driver. turner was also wanted in connection with an attempted murder and robbery in hot springs.
after breaking into his estranged wife's apartment, kamal was confronted by police who demanded him to take his hands out of his pockets. officers first pepper-sprayed the unarmed kamal before shooting him. a grand jury is still investigating the shooting, and kamal's mother has lead several protests and demands for legal action.
two deputies shot quinonez, the target of a drug investigation, after he allegedly approached them with a loaded gun. eyewitnesses and friends of quinonez said he was hit by a police car and shot on the ground.
a newark police officer, working as a security guard at the twin city supermarket, 611 broadway, shot and killed carlos ribot when he pulled a gun and tried to rob the store. the officer shot ribot once, and he died a short time later at university hospital in newark.
officers responded to a report of a stabbing in progress. roberts was found to be stabbing his father-in-law and refused to drop the knife. officers shot roberts who died at a local hospital.
a westerville officer pulled over montgomery's car for a routine traffic stop, and as he approached the car saw montgomery holding a handgun. after he refused commands to drop the weapon, the officer opened fire, fatally shooting montgomery.
tyler's father refused to buy him cigarettes. tyler took his father's lawn car truck and trailer and his father called the police on him. tyler fled through a red light, rammed two police cars and was fired upon 6 times by the police. he was hit twice in the head and chest. a video of the chase is on the linked page. other officers suggested that the pursuing officers 'back off' but they were not supervisors, so they were ignored.
police were at a home searching for a man wanted on probation violation. the man's son, jake, suddenly came towards police and stated he had a weapon. officers attempted to use a taser to subdue murphy but he continued approaching them. officers then shot and killed murphy.
residents called 911 to report a man, who they knew, was walking around the neighborhood holding a machete and a pipe, and acting erratic. the man didn't recognize any of the people he was talking to, and residents told investigators he was threatening them. when deputies arrived on the scene, one tried to use a taser. he was continuing to act aggressive toward the three deputies on the scene. smith says that's when two fired shots at the man, killing him in a front yard on old wire road
jordan was killed by erie police on the afternoon of oct. 30, shortly after investigators said he entered the widget financial branch on east 38th street with a gun and threatened to shoot employees while robbing the branch of a significant amount of cash.
bryant assaulted an officer, took his baton and hit the officer with it. the officer then shot and killed bryant.
geer was drinking and threw his girlfriend's clothes out of the house. he was talking with an officer at his doorway when he was shot to death in the chest.
officers were attempting to serve a warrant to a man and followed a vehicle, driven by jason garreau, known to belong to the man. garreau calls cousin, john garreaux, who arrives on scene and begins to fire shots at usms and bia officers and was killed in return fire as jason garreau fled.
officers responded to a report of shots fired at hutto's home. upon arrival, offficer say hutto threatened him and pointed a gun at the officer. officer shot and killed hutto.
officers were called to kangaroo express gas station about a man threatening a citizen with a handgun. investigators say when two officers made contact with the suspect, he pulled a handgun from his waistband. one of the officers shot and killed him.
police arrived at pryor's house to enforce a code violation. pryor was apprently involved in a shootout with officers, although circumstances remain unclear.
a police chief was investigating a 'shots fired' call with a resident at an apartment complex when collins confronted them. collins then proceeded to attack both of them. he repeatedly stabbed the police chief before being shot and killed.
adame's parole officer notified sheriff's deputies that adame was threatening to harm himself; sheriff's deputies located adame in a dirt field; as deputies approached, adame pulled a handgun from his waistband and deputies shot and killed him.
parlette was shot and killed by police after he fired his gun at deputies.
police were called after an act of arson was committed by a man in front of a bus station. when police made contact with the suspect, steven henning, he refused to extinguish the fire acted aggressively and violently resisted arrest. henning attempted to steal the officers' police car, and was subdued by pepper spray. afterward, he violently resisted arrest again, grabbed an officer's taser, and then fled on foot. the weed police, siskiyou sheriff‰Ûªs office and california highway patrol searched for henning and found him near a freeway overpass. after an attempt to subdue him with a law enforcement canine unit, henning continued to violently resist arrest and attempted to injure the canine. the officer and deputy discharged their firearms and henning was killed.
lofaro was shot and killed by a state trooper after refusing to drop his weapon while committing an armed robbery at a convenience store.
during a traffic stop, dellafiora suddenly drove away and law enforcement pursued him for 28 miles on interstate 80. dellafiora drove the wrong way up the ramp into golconda, then stopped the car and reportedly began firing on law enforcement.officers returned fire and killed dellafiora.
clyde was wanted for assault and robbery. police found him in an vacant house. clyde fought with an officer until being shot and killed.
quintana was in a pursuit with officers. the pursuit ended in shots being fired. quintana was shot and killed.
investigators say that savage was responding alone, to a domestic incident. there was a shootout and savage was shot four times. his return fire, killing the assailant, david long.
police responded to a robbery in progress at a retail store and encountered hollins and his alleged partner james branch, 43. they apprehended and handcuffed branch as hollins got into the truck. while backing up to flee, hollins reportedly hit or ran over branch twice (reported in critical condition 10/19). police fired multiple times, hitting hollins in the upper body. he drove a mile before he crashed the truck into the wall of a bar and died.
st. clair ran fled from sheriff's deputies during an attempted traffic stop, led them on a chase and finally pulled over and fired shots at deputies. deputies returned fire and fatally shot st. clair.
nay tried to rob a gas station. he fled the scene and deputies caught up with him and he crashed at broad river and kennerly road. he got into a standoff with officers and was shot.
investigators say officers were called to a home around by the man‰Ûªs mother. it was the second time that day she called to report he had a weapon. authorities say he refused to put down the gun and threatened the officers, who fired back, killing him.
police were responding to report of a man assaulting a woman. the man, jurgen, fled the scene and then fired at officers, striking deputy sheila aull. aull and at least four other officers returned fire and killed jurgen.
fuentes, who was wanted on a homicide charge, was fatally shot by a deputy after the 20-year-old allegedly pulled out a handgun while being chased by police.
police received calls that a man was driving erratically in a black suv firing a gun. when police arrived, neighbors told them that the man had gone into an apartment. officers on the other side of the apartment building saw him leave through the back door and out a gate to a carport in only his boxers. this time, barba responded to commands to put his hands in the air, but refused to drop the gun he was holding. he began to lower it in the direction of the officers. it was at that point that the officers shot and killed barba.
visalia police department undercover officers following armando santibanez allegedly witnessed him selling drugs and pulled him over on south pinkham street and beech avenue. the suspect refused to exit the vehicle and was seen reaching for something under his seat. after repeated warning, officer tim haener fired five shots through the window, hitting santibanez. he died at kaweah delta medical center. shooting by tim haener was ruled justified.
rape suspect suarez from the dalles, oregon, died in a shootout with officers from both washington and oregon. he'd been spotted through the open window of a house and appeared armed. suarez fled from the back door, ran for about a block, turned and wounded one officer with a gunshot, then was shot down.
police report that while responding to a nearby fight, they pursued a man into garay's backyard, and that they saw garay with a gun in his waistband. they report that during a struggle on the porch, they allege that garay pointed his gun at officer michael colasardo, who shot him twice. the family claims that garay was shot inside the home and did not point his gun at the police, and that a family member was tasered. they filed a $3.45m wrongful death suit 07/14.
police were called to blackman's house twice within 40 minutes, the first time because of a dispute between a 16-year-old boy and his 13-year-old sister, the second time because blackman was reportedly holding a knife to threaten his 16-year-old stepson. police ordered him to drop the knife. he did not and was shot multiple times.
officers serving a warrant on martin, a registered sex offender, fatally shot the 43-year-old after he fired an arrow at officers.
piccarrd was a former police officer who was diagnosed with cancer. he had a hatred for the federal government and decided to fire shots at a federal building. officers arrived and were shot at by piccarrd. officers shot and killed piccarrd.
with various felony convictions already behind him watkins had failed to appear for a recent 45-year prison sentence, then attacked a county officer with a tire iron during a traffic stop, then escaped. after a standoff of several hours at his residence, including tear gas, watkins was fatally shot.
robertson was shot by police after he allegedly lunged at them with meat fork and knife.[33]
deputies responded to a domestic disturbance call at a home. they report that they heard "what sounded like the action of a firearm being operated" behind the door and saw sample exit the house with a firearm. they report that he ignored commands to drop his weapon and pointed it at them. they then shot him multiple times.
two officers came to sutherland's home to serve a warrant. they report that while attempting to handcuff him face down on his sofa, he pulled a gun and fired at one of the officers. officer kissel shot him twice in the side, killing him.
according to the preliminary investigation, the deputy encountered an armed man and shot the individual. caleb hector, 19, died at the scenic mountain medical center. there was not much published about the incident.
tavaris gulley, holed up in a car near his mother's grave at pine crest cemetery, refused several orders to surrender.after several hours, he got out of his car armed with a gun, and deputies fatally shot him.
police responding to a prowler call fatally shot mitchell after the 37-year-old wrestled a taser from officers and attempted to use it on them.
police responding to a stolen car call fatally shot bedgood after the 36-year-old opened fire at officers.
alabama state troopers began a "short, high speed chase" of garrett chruma, 21, armed on motorcycle. the chase continued on foot, ended with a confrontation between officers in which chruma was shot and killed, near mason ferry road in wilmer.the alabama bureau of investigation (abi) is conducting an investigation.
poore was fatally shot by police arriving on a burglary call, and shot the 27-year-old after he pointed a gun at an officer. poore's accomplice was arrested and charged with multiple robbery counts.
william mcknight and two accomplices robbed a bank, but the fbi safe streets task force were nearby. they caught up with them in a nearby neighborhood and shot it out, killing mcknight.
watts robbed a cvs store at gunpoint then led police in a high-speed chase through brockton, whitman and east bridgewater. witnesses describe a lengthy gun battle with 30 or 40 rounds in multiple volleys, watts firing a shotgun at officers from multiple agencies. the chase ended with watts shot to death.
the man who would later be shot fled on foot, and trooper raines pursued him for about half a mile. the trooper caught up, and he and the man got into another altercation and the man reached for the trooper's gun according to the ohp. trooper raines fired twice, hitting rodgers in the chest and the head.
martin engaged in a prolonged standoff with a state police swat team after he threatened a neighbor and fired a gun at an officer. the 40-year-old and officers exchanged gunfire, fatally striking martin.
an off-duty portsmouth police officer fatally shot hollomon as the 30-year-old attempted to rob a bank in virginia city. the officer was cleared of any wrongdoing.
according to henderson county sheriff ray nutt, while executing the search warrant, a henderson county sheriff's office investigator was involved in a shooting.
deputies responded to a report of a man with a gun, firing the weapon and threatening citizens on county road 316. after a chase, they shot and killed him.
reports on events leading up to shanks' death are varied and include attempted robbery, assault and sleeping on a porch. a deputy confronted him for an unknown reason, and shanks fled into the woods. the deputy reports that when shanks pointed a gun at him, he ordered him several times to drop the weapon. when shanks did not comply, he shot and killed him.
police arrived at a residence in response to reports of a disturbance. isadore confronted them with a handgun and retreated into a bedroom, firing on them when they attempted to enter. swat officers arrived as backup and, after failed negotiations, released gas into the room and broke down the door. isadore fired on them as they entered, and they returned fire, killing him.
deputy brian hensley arrived at a home on orleans circle. hensley was at the home‰Ûªs front door when he heard a gunshot. hensley entered the home and jeffery s. frump, 44, of gray, fired shots at hensley. hensley, who was struck in the leg, went out of the home seeking cover as frump followed. once on the front porch, frump again aimed his weapon at hensley, who returned fire, fatally wounding frump.
texan hall displayed a weapon to a state trooper during a traffic stop, the beginning of a vehicle chase down two-lane mountain highways in oregon's cascade range. stopped by spike strips and boxed in between two cruisers, hall refused to drop his weapon and was shot to death.
veteran van allen had abruptly uprooted himself and his two children, and was headed eastbound on an oregon interstate. during a state police traffic stop van allen began shooting at the trooper, who returned fire, as caught on a dramatic dashcam video. he made it a few hundred yards more before pulling over mortally wounded.
after his car broke down on the interstate and shortly after the death of his father, crist informed a family member that we was considering taking his own life, leading to multi-hour standoff on the highway. an officer shot crist after the 58-year-old raised a firearm at police.
police responding to a call of a man threatening another man with a knife fatally shot daniel after he refused to lower a knife and began walking toward officers.
saio was fatally shot by officers after pointing a loaded shotgun at officers performing routine checks at nawiliwili harbor. the officers were cleared of any wrongdoing in april 2014.
fleming county sheriff's deputies responded to a domestic call. thomas mcclanahan came out of the house and pointed a gun at the officers. a state trooper fired his weapon, killing mcclanahan.
officers called to johnson's home found the 50-year-old perched in a tree and armed. johnson and officers exchanged gunfire, with one officer suffering a gunshot wound before johnson was fatally shot.
ward robbed a gas station clerk but was stopped mid-robbery by arriving police officers. an officer fatally shot ward after the 20-year old approached officers while holding a knife.
five weare police officers lay in wait for dejesus to take part in a drug sting which fell through. dejesus attempted to flee in his vehicle. one of the officers shot him in the temple with a shotgun as he passed, despite no evidence of a crime committed, dejesus being unarmed, and no evidence supporting the police claims of being endangered. amid much controversy the family took a $300k settlement from the city. the attorney general said after 8 months, he could not determine if the shooting was justified, so no charges were brought, which is defacto justification.
larry a. bohannon, 51, of grafton, n.h., died of gunshot wounds to the head, chest and abdomen after robbing an office supply store in bellows falls with a gun and then leading police on a high-speed chase to walpole
before the shooting, donahue attempted to take his estranged wife and daughter hostage as deputies arrived on scene. donahue was fatally shot by deputies outside the residence, who were later ruled justified in shooting the 44-year-old.
on august 4, 2013, an amber alert was issued for 16-year-old hannah anderson and her 8-year-old brother, ethan, after they were reported missing by their grandparents. their mother was found burned to death along with ethan anderson at a house owned by james dimaggio, in boulevard, california. james dimaggio was named a suspect in the murders and abduction of hannah anderson, which lead to manhunts being executed across the western u.s. on august 8, dimaggio's car was found in central idaho. on august 10, dimaggio was found with anderson at a campsite at frank church-river of no return wilderness and was fatally shot by an fbi agent during a confrontation. hannah anderson was unharmed.
wallace was shot after attempting to attack deputies, serving an arrest warrant for the 31-year-old, with a knife inside his home.
deputies on their way to serve a high-risk warrant to koonce engaged in a shootout with the 46-year-old on a bridge over lake sam rayburn. koonce was fatally shot during the exchange.
the state of alabama is investigating an officer-involved shooting after a police officer shot and killed a man in northwest alabama. marion county sheriff kevin williams said michael jermaine lollis, of bloomingdale, ga, was approached by police, ran off into the woods and fired some shots during the search. authorities fired back and lollis was killed. the sheriff said the man had been in a stolen car and was carrying a stolen gun.
winfield officers arrived to check out a suspicious person in a car. police say an "african male" exited the vehicle but quickly ran and led police on a foot chase into a wooded area nearby. police say the suspect was armed, and they later discovered a stolen gun in the vehicle. they believed the suspect was surrounded and resumed the manhunt after backup officers and helicopter for aerial vision arrived. when the suspect was relocated, he allegedly fired shots, and officers returned fire striking the suspect and killing him.
a man who took a woman hostage sunday at great clips in massillon and was shot and killed by a police swat team, had called police in the past threatening to harm himself.
officers responded to a "man with guns" call and found rutkowski walking down the street with two guns. police report that they told him several times to put them down and that he pointed them at him twice. when he reportedly hid behind a metal box near a railroad track and pointed at them again, they shot him twice. they approached him and shot him again.
police officers went to catoe's house to arrest him on a warrant, and catoe ran into the woods behind his house. police chased him and when catoe aimed a gun at the officers they shot him.
omaha-born technical sergeant hullman reportedly was drunk and threatening military police with a handgun when he was shot to death on base. about three years away from retirement, earlier in the incident he'd held the weapon to his own head.
officers were called to the scene of a robbery. brooks escaped in a jeep and led the deputies on a chase. he eventually crashed and was shot by deputies.
mineral county sheriff's office received a call reporting a family disturbance. mineral county sheriff's deputies responded and when they arrived, they heard a gunshot come from the residence. the deputies requested backup and additional officers from mineral county responded, as well as four montana highway patrol troopers. officers discovered that martin had left the home and was armed with a rifle. investigators say that during the armed encounter with officers, martin would not follow orders to drop the rifle and instead raised the weapon toward them, at which point he was shot and killed by a montana highway patrol trooper.
hobson attempted to run from police after giving them a false name and then later running from deputies. the 25-year-old allegedly fired at deputies, who then returned fire and fatally struck hobson.
state troopers investigating a rural domestic disturbance call were confronted by wissinger at the threshold of his own house, brandishing a rifle. this was around midnight. troopers shot at wissinger, who retreated back into the house. treating it as a "barricade situation" police called in an emergency response team and waited an unknown period of time before realizing that the victim had bled to death inside.
amarillo police fatally shot a man at 1615 s. jackson st. on sunday after they said he pointed a replica pistol at officers.
officers responded to a dispute between neighbors. evans shot one officer with shotgun, and another one during the course of a five hour stand-off. officers returned fire and killed him. both officers survived.
a yellowstone county deputy shot and killed a man who escaped from montana state prison following a standoff. dean randolph jess was driving a stolen jeep when he was pinned in by patrol cars at an intersection near a wal-mart. it ended when jess moved a handgun he had been holding toward one of the deputies surrounding his vehicle. the deputy opened fire and jess was killed.
hilger was killed by sheriff's deputies martin stuart and tony watson behind the bar he owned. police were responding to a report of suspicious activity and questioned hilger, who allegedly pulled out a gun. investigators later found hilger's girlfriend's body in a vehicle.
officers responding to a 911 call about a dead woman found 53-year-old james garcia, who they say came out of the home and started shooting. police say they returned fire, killing garcia.
sgt. john preston and two officers went to pinney's home to look for megan sherrard, 21, and their baby in a possible kidnapping. police report that as sherrard tried to exit the home, pinney shot her twice in the back, and that the bullets also hit the baby. preston reportedly pulled sherrard out of the home, was grazed by pinney's gunfire, and shot him twice in the chest and once in the arm. the medical examiner reported the cause of death as suicide from a self-inflicted gunshot to the head.
navarrete's reaction to a militarized no-knock drug raid of his apartment at 5:00 a.m. was to train a semi-automatic rifle at one of the troopers from his bed. ordered twice to drop the weapon, he froze, and the trooper shot him fatally three times.
one of the bombing suspects from the boston marathon, 2013. he and his brother, dzhokhar tsarnaev, 19, are alleged to have killed a massachusetts institute of technology campus police officer.
shepard was at first cooperative with police as they questioned her at her apartment about a possible drug shipment, then increasingly belligerent. over the course of a 40-minute standpoint shepard went in and out of her front door, emerging with a different firearm each time. when she advanced on officers with a loaded shotgun, she was killed with one rifle round to the torso.
knight had a handgun in each hand. knight did not comply with the officer's verbal commands. the officers then opened fire, killing knight.
traffic stop, when stopped, he reportedly got out of his chevy blazer and approached the officer with ‰ÛÏtwo bladed weapons. turns out he was friends with detlef wulf killed by police in april.
security guards at carrs-safeway grocery store reported wulf slumped over the wheel of a ford suv in the store‰Ûªs parking lot. called police. police approached the vehicle and rapped on the window to try and get wulf's attention. it was then officers saw wulf had a pistol. he pulled it. they shot him.
fleeing with a stolen vehicle.
the congregation of the asia missionary baptist church was having a heated disagreement about the firing of their pastor. white, the son of one of the church deacons arrived at the scene carrying a shotgun. he fired it once in the parking lot. a lexington police officer fired back three times, wounding white who died at a hospital.
deputies were dispatched to a disturbance at a residence around 1 a.m. and found john mark stevens, 41, with a pistol in his hand.deputies negotiated with stevens for nearly 45 minutes in his yard while stevens held onto the gun and entered and exited an exterior shop next to his home. stevens then started walking toward deputies who fired two bean bag rounds at stevens to disarm him. he made it to cover and shot at them, at which point they shot and killed him.
an armed robbery was in progress when a state trooper arrived at the gun shop, and he exchanged gunfire with the robbery suspect identified as james d. jones, 60. the trooper was hit multiple times, and survived, jones died at the scene.
a deputy responding to a report of a home invasion encountered krubert, who was trying to leave the driveway in boyd's truck. krubert got out of the truck and ‰ÛÏconfronted the deputy with an edged weapon,‰Û and the deputy shot multiple times during this encounter. krubert then stole the deputy's squad car, and a pursuit ensued. krubert is alleged to have exited the squad car with the squad shotgun. he walked towards the deputies and refused commands to drop the weapon, at which time, deputies shot and killed him.
deputy richard lagle shot and killed a walworth county jail inmate under guard at lakeland medical center, when he allegedly attacked the deputy and tried to escape. lagle used a taser on villarreal to no avail, and was forced to shoot the inmate five times when he raised a chair and came at the deputy. lagle didn't face charges.
the kootenai county sheriff‰Ûªs office said the shooting occurred after shoshone county dispatch received a call for a welfare check on an orange scion parked peculiarly in an eastbound about a mile west of lookout pass. a shoshone deputy arrived at the scene with the isp officer as backup, and while talking mandarino, the two officers discovered the driver was in possession of a handgun. a struggle to take the gun ensued, and the isp officer shot and killed mandarino.
beloit police had been watching lowery-baptiste leave a downtown residence because the state department of corrections had warrant for his arrest, police said. beloit police wanted to question him about a series of shooting incidents.two officers shot and killed lowery-baptiste when he rammed a police car after failing to cooperate during a traffic stop.
police officers shot zachary premo following a confrontation that began while officers looked for a driver who had fled the scene of a one-vehicle crash.
burke, a former cop, broke into the evidence room of his old station. he was armed with an ax when officers found, shot and killed him.
a deputy from okfuskee county sheriff's department was responding to a domestic dispute call, when a man (curtis ray fipps), not involved in the dispute, approached the deputy with a shotgun. the deputy repeatedly ordered fipps to drop his weapon. fipps was fatally shot by the deputy when he did not comply with the order. oklahoma state bureau of investigation (osbi) is investigating the justification of fipps' death.
officer arrived to find rosson beating and choking his ex-girlfriend. he dropped the woman and rushed the officer, who shot and killed him.
sgt. james warren sr. had his pistol out and his hand on the front of richard haston's jeep. warren, a 29-year martin county sheriff's veteran, had just been in an altercation with haston, and told him to stop. instead, haston, 39, proceeded forward in the jeep and struck warren. warren fired at least two shots from his .45 caliber handgun through the windshield, striking haston in the upper torso.
police say shortly after 4:30am, washoe county sheriff's deputies responded to reports of an intruder trying to get into a home on scorpio circle, near geiger grade in south reno. when deputies got there, they found a man matching the description given by the witness. at least one deputy fired and the suspect was killed.
a man was standing on his front porch with a gun, and when he did not cooperate with officers they shot and killed him.
a realtor was showing a property to prospective buyers when they encountered peeler, whose parents had once owned the property, armed with a rifle. police say peeler had been ordered off the property when it went on the market. peeler allegedly fired a shot at the realtor who then called the police. officers shot and killed peeler after they say she threatened them and fired a shot.[106]
police arrived at the family's apartment. they forced themselves inside after hearing a girl screaming and found the man on top of his daughter, stabbing her repeatedly. the man, mwaura, was shot and died at the scene.
police ordered him to drop the weapon, but he pointed it both at his own head and at officers before firing, according to police reports. the decisive wound was the one to the right side of his head from very close range, according to the autopsy report. the bullet went through the brainstem, cerebellum, and grazed his left temporal lobe before exiting the left side of his head, according to the pathologist‰Ûªs report.
a marine went on a killing spree, killing his wife in north carolina and shooting six randomly in concho county, texas. he was eventually shot and killed outside of eden, texas.
dawkins and an off-duty deputy, craig patterson, argued. patterson got his badge and his gun and attempted to arrest dawkins, instead, shooting and killing him. patterson was sentenced to 6 years.
police arrived at seller's mothers home for domestic disturbance. seller supposedly had a gun and fired - officers then fired 37 shots, subsequently killing seller.
bland had assaulted a staff member at a senior center. he then got in his car. when the officer got out of his vehicle, he was hit and pinned by bland's vehicle. the officer shot and killed bland.
longview police responded to reports of a small, blue four-door vehicle attempting to hit cars and run them off the road. sifuentes fled. officers set up spikes on highway 80. sifuentes hit the spikes then turned around, driving directly at officers. an officer on the scene shot at the vehicle. the officer was hit by the vehicle, sustaining non-life threatening and non-incapacitating injuries.
police authorities in longview, texas were embroiled in a standoff with an armed suspect for several hours yesterday. late in the day, police ‰ÛÓaccording to police reports‰ÛÓ fired on and killed candace jackson, 38, as she exited the house and fired upon officers nearby.
dawson fought with his girlfriend, took her hostage with a knife to her throat. police tried to physically take the knife, shooting and killing dawson during the fight.
labaki fired a shot into a sporting goods store. after a pursuit, officers ran him off the road and when he pointed his rifle at officers, they shot him.
rebello was killed by the police officer who was rescuing her from a home invasion/hostage situation. the officer was cleared of wrongdoing.
dalton smith entered a home, occupied by four college students to commit a robbery. one of the students placed a 911 call to report the robbery. numerous members of the nassau county police department responded to the location. police officer nikolas budimlic was one of the first officers to arrive on the scene. as he approached the residence, andrea rebello‰Ûªs sister ran out of the front door and indicated that an intruder was upstairs and armed with a gun. inside the residence, officer budimlic was confronted by the intruder. smith was armed with a gun and was physically restraining andrea rebello. smith ignored numerous commands to drop his weapon. during the confrontation, officer budimlic fired eight shots at smith, killing him. one of the bullets struck andrea rebello in the head, killing her.
deputies responded to a trespassing call at mullins' old home. they say they tried to persuade her to come out and when she wouldn't, they entered. they report that witnesses say that mullins charged then with a machete or knife. they tasered her three times, and state that when this failed to subdue her, deputy gabriel romero shot her.
state patrol was conducting surveillance on brokaw and another man. state patrol approched the men leading to a high speed chase. brokaw's vehicle was rammed, ending the pursued. brokaw fired his gun, state patrol rataliated gunfire, killing borkaw
starnes was shot and killed by agents as they interrupted a bank robbery. agents observed two suspects drive north from chicago across the wisconsin border, join with starnes in a stolen honda civic with stolen plates, then return across the state line to the parking lot of a branch bank in richmond, illinois. while being apprehended starnes reportedly rammed police vehicles in an escape attempt and was fatally shot.
federal, state and local officers were attempting to serve a felony warrant on thomas edward pulst. pulst fired toward officers from a room through a closed door, agency spokesman john barnes said. he then fled the room with two handguns and ran out a back door, where two officers were waiting. pulst fired at the officers, who returned fire, hitting and killing him, the agency statement said.
after a high-speed chase, fischer crashed and an officer shot him after seeing a gun.
haney ran from a traffic stop, carrying a gun, police said. they chased him down an alley, shooting and killing him.
knight allegedly shot a woman before taking a child hostage. after several hours, swat shot knight, killing him. the child was removed unharmed.
wattley was killed after he allegedly robbed a drugstore, fled the scene and pointed an assault rifle at two officers, police said.
the man shot held a knife to the chest of a man, whom he'd already stabbed.
state police say 60-year-old gary dean carty of clintwood died after being shot by a dickenson county deputy. police say the deputy was responding to a report of an assault early tuesday morning when carty pulled out a knife and charged at him. the deputy fired at the man, who died after being flown to a bristol hospital.
an eight-day, two-state manhunt for a man accused of killing his girlfriend in waukesha ended tuesday night on a bicycle path in indiana with a single, self-inflicted gunshot.
tularosa police were patrolling neighborhoods during a blackout caused by a fire. a tularosa police officer recognized vigil while he was checking on the elementary school, believing vigil had a warrant for his arrest, he attempted to stop him. according to police, vigil kept walking when the officer ordered him to stop. vigil eventually stopped, but kept digging in his pockets after the officer told him to show his hands. the report indicates the tularosa officer first pulled his taser gun, but when the officer saw vigil pull out the .22 caliber crickett, the officer drew his gun. gunfire was exchanged, virgil was killed.
officers trying to subdue a man with a gun fatally shot him monday night on his front porch. police say ross darkis, 42, threatened them with the gun and was shot multiple times. he later died at the hospital.
accused of shooting his wife, lawrence was killed by officers during the investigation into the incident.
smith allegedly broke into a home, killing five people within. police caught up with him, and after a gunfight, smith died of his injuries in a hospital.
harrigill apparently lost control of his vehicle and when officers investigated, first fought them, then pulled a pistol and shot at them.
an fbi instructor claimed his estranged wife julie would have killed him with a knife if he had not shot and killed her. charged with second-degree murder and using a firearm in the commission of a felony. first trial ended in a mistrial.
an officer heard the shot as he went inside. the officer then saw mead fire another round and ordered him to drop the weapon several times. mead didn't comply, and the officer shot him. both mead and copp were pronounced dead at the scene just after midnight.
kenneth philipp killed his ex-wife with a shotgun, driving away until stopped by police. he fired on police before he was shot and killed.
a man in the complex exchanged gunfire with police after they attempted to take his guns following a domestic dispute. in the crossfire, the police killed marie zienkewicz.
findley was want for questioning about a murder and also because he had warrants for theft. officers said they attempted to take findley into custody, shots were fired, and findley was killed.
officers were responding to a man breaking into an apartment.
police were called on a report of reckless driving. after a high speed chase, ramseyer and came at police. he was tasered, but continued to advance on police, who shot and killed him.
authorities tried to stop stahl in new concord in muskingum county. after a brief chase in coshocton county, deputies engaged stahl near county road 509.
three border agents encountered simmons when investigating a damaged honda civic on the roadside. when the car was identified as stolen, simmons pulled a handgun and managed to wound one of the three agents in the hip before being shot to death.
police responded to acre's residence after receiving a call from a third party who claimed that there was a domestic dispute. when they arrived at the residence, the deputies knocked on the door and was met by acre who was welding a handgun, franklin said. acre was told repeatedly to put his gun down, but he refused to comply. at some point during the exchange, a deputy deployed his taser, which sent acre to the ground, he said. but, before deputies could disarm acre, he removed one of the probes and got back on his feet.when again acre wouldn't put his gun down or be subdued, the supervisor fired his service weapon one time hitting acre in the upper torso, franklin said. acre died at the scene.
with no known motive, myers set his own house on fire and embarked on a shooting spree that left four dead and another two seriously injured. police and fbi tracked him to the boarded-up "glory days" bar storefront in downtown herkimer. after a tense 19-hour standoff, and his killing of a police dog, officers opened heavy fire on myers and shot him dead.
20-year-old willie lee bingham jr. was shot and killed as he and his friends allegedly attempted to flee the scene of a vandalized vehicle. bingham allegedly resisted arrest; in fact was running away and was shot in the back of the head. the shooting was ruled "unnecessary" by the attorney general‰Ûªs office. former deputy walter grant was indicted on manslaughter charges and arrested in march of 2015. naacp said the family is also pursuing a civil suit against the department and grant.
a valentine officer shot and killed clark in a double shooting after responding to the scene. clark is suspected of killing ricky homan, 54, of valentine, and wounding john malone, 76, of valentine. both men were shot.
police responded to reports of a man making verbal and non-verbal threats to find johnston, 315 lbs and dressed in black, armed with a medieval two-bladed battle-axe and a knife. after a confrontation where johnston refused to drop his weapon, one of the six responding officers shot him three times.
police responded to a 911 call reporting domestic violence. when they arrived at the scene gunshots were exchanged and salameh was shot and killed.
james gilkerson, 42, of mentor-on-the-lake, was pulled over for running a stop sign. he got out of his car wielding a semi-automatic ak-47 and fired 37 shots at middlefield police officers. the officers returned fire, shooting 54 rounds at gilkerson, fatally wounding the man as he shouted, "kill me."
police allegedly received a call that rawls had a gun and was threatening his wife. officers shot and killed him outside his home.
self-described sovereign citizen wright attempted to pay a traffic ticket with scrip of his own invention. he then countered further penalties by denying that the court had any jurisdiction over him. county deputies pursued him on charges of counterfeiting, setting up a four-hour standoff at his house. after shooting in tear gas, officers found wright sitting at the top of his stairs, pointing a gun at them. he was fatally shot by three deputies simultaneously.
deputies responded to glover‰Ûªs residence after a 911 call from his girlfriend stating that glover had threatened to kill her and that he was armed with a handgun. when deputies arrived on the scene they found glover in his truck in the driveway. when he exited the vehicle, he allegedly raised a hand gun and pointed it at deputies, refusing to drop it. a deputy shot and hit him twice; glover died the next day. glover was an iraq war veteran who had earned a purple heart for his service, and was having trouble readjusting.
aubin, who had a significant criminal record, led state troopers on a high-speed chase north and south on route 9 in upstate new york. after his vehicle's tires were spiked, he fled into the woods on foot. according to the two state troopers, there was a physical struggle in which aubin went for one of their weapons. they wouldn't say how many times he was shot, or where he was hit.
about 10 a.m. mcmillan sideswiped two cars and fled, attracting police notice that he had outstanding warrants for felony robbery. they tracked him to his mother's house where mcmillan staged armed resistance and a firefight in the front yard. at least a dozen shots were fired. no officers were struck but mcmillan was killed.
officer came to goulet's home to investigate a sex crime. he killed them, and left. he returned to the home shortly later, where he was confronted and killed.
an officer from green oak township police and a mi state police trooper responded to a call about a possible break in. they saw hassell flee in his vehicle and gave chase, catching up with him at his residence. the officers followed him into his house where he allegedly shot at them. the three exchanged gunfire, and hassell died at the scene.
officers responded to a 911 call from the suspect's wife saying that he had a gun and had allegedly fired two shots. when they arrived the suspect confronted them in the yard and did not respond to orders to stop advancing. when a taser had no effect, a deputy shot elliott twice; he died of his wounds. shooting was ruled justified by the barry county prosecutor in march 2013.
pocahontas officers were investigating a report that tims had allegedly threatened his girlfriend with a gun. when they arrived he fled into the nearby woods and pulled out a handgun. tims was hit seven times and later pronounced dead at the scene. a report from the arkansas state police cleared the pocahontas police officers.
deputy michael j. woodard killed chaz devell williams, 21, after confronting him in a residence at fox den apartments in the 3200 block of wrightsboro road. deputies said they had been looking for williams for about two hours after he had driven away from a police traffic stop, wrecked his car and fled. williams died of multiple gunshot wounds. sheriff richard roundtree says no plans to suspend woodard; no evidence of wrongdoing.
jackson county sheriff's deputies responded to a house on county road 48 after receiving a shots fired call and found the suspect allegedly barricaded in his house with a rifle. after hours of unsuccessful negotiation, swat team were called. they threw tear gas in the house, gregory fired back at them, and they shot and killed him.
authorities say officers were trying to interview perneau in a motel room as part of a drug investigation. authorities say that perneau managed to pull a gun from his waistband while handcuffed and fired at the officers. the officers weren't hit. an officer from the salina police department returned fire, killing perneau.
officers pulled over a suspected stolen vehicle. when the officers attempted to detain the suspect, he drove away, hitting one of the officers with the vehicle. an officer opened fire on the vehicle, fatally wounding the suspect. a witness reports hearing five shots and that the back window of the vehicle was shattered.
officers responded to a report of a burglary suspect with several arrest warrants who was spotted in a store. when the officers asked the suspect to step outside, the suspect produced a knife and began slashing at the officers. a taser was ineffective and the officers fatally shot the suspect when he charged at them.
county deputies had made several controlled drug purchases from epps, then went to arrest him at his residence, knowing he had a small arsenal. epps opened fire and was fatally shot in return.
deputy patrolling near coarsegold spotted the suspect's vehicle and recognized it, knew that there was an arrest warrant out on rosenberg for narcotics and tried to apprehend him. as the deputy approached the vehicle, rosenberg allegedly tried to run him over; the deputy shot at the truck, but it accelerated away. deputies later found the empty vehicle at rocky ridge and wells road, and rosenberg was found dead nearby.
officer responded to a call of a vehicle going the wrong way down sante fe street; he found the vehicle at 112 n. clairborne rd. in the parking lot of the dollar general store. the officer approached the driver in the store who alleged holding a gun and pointed it at officer, so he fired, killing kincheloe. female passenger of vehicle was unharmed. shooting ruled justified.
officers were searching for ramsey as the prime suspect in a recent abduction, rape and arson. ramsey rammed his vehicle into a squad car and fled in a stolen garbage truck. he was fatally shot by a sheriff's deputy.
tulare police officers vince medina and ryan richmond were responding to reports of suspected gang members. when they arrived there was no one in the area, so they decided to search a nearby empty house where suspected gang members allegedly frequented. they saw gonzales exit the house, and though he did not match the description of the gang members, they used their flashlights to try to subdue gonzales. when he continued to struggle, medina shot and killed him. officers were cleared in federal civil suit.
swilling was in the law enforcement center parking lot and approached an officer and deputy in a ‰ÛÏthreatening manner‰Û with what appeared to be a weapon. fearing for their safety, they both shot at swilling, hitting him at least once. swilling fell down, but continued to approach them, so they took cover behind a vehicle and both fired again, hitting him at least once more. swilling was pronounced dead at the scene. after further investigation, it was revealed that swilling was "armed" with a hot glue gun.
police say the officer involved in the shooting stopped to assist what he believed was a disabled vehicle. when the officer approached the vehicle, he discovered the driver was the suspect in the larceny of a cash drawer that had been reported stolen from the circle k store approximately 10 minutes before. when the officer attempted to take the driver into custody, police say pitt resisted and a struggle for the officer's gun ensued. the officer then shot and killed pitt.
police responded to 911 call from suspect's neighbor, when suspect's wife and child ran into her house for help. wife had been stabbed by guzman. when police arrived, guzman was in the neighbor's garage and threatened them with the knife and hedge clippers. guzman was shot eight times by two officers. shooting was ruled a justifiable homicide by the santa barbara county district attorney‰Ûªs office.
two deputies were dispatched to the residence after a 911 call of domestic violence; the suspect was beating his mother, whom he lived with. when the deputies arrived, vaughan allegedly fired at them with a pistol. the two deputies returned fire and killed vaughn at the scene, the mother was unharmed.
sheriff's deputy attempted to pull nevels on county road 243 in smith station because the van he was driving had been reported stolen. the suspect pulled over, but attempted to run the deputy over with the van as he approached. the deputy fired several times, shooting the suspect in the head; he later died at columbus (ga.) regional medical center. a 7-year-old boy was in the passenger seat of the van, and was unharmed.
officers approached moretz at his home to question him about a missing man who was a friend of his. a standoff ensued which ended when moretz walked out of his house with a rifle in hand and was fatally shot by a swat sniper. the dismembered remains of the friend were found in the house.
officers responded to a gym after an employee reported ozeir confronted gym staff. when officers arrived, they report ozeir confronted them with a handgun and refused commands to put it down. the officers shot ozeir who died in a hospital the next day.
frederick county sheriff's deputies arrived at the suspect's home to execute a search and seizure warrant looking for evidence from a home invasion robbery. deputies used a flash-bang diversionary device on entering, and found daniel alain vail in his bedroom holding a gun. he refused to drop it when told; deputy first class charles zang and deputy first class kevin riffle fired a total of 18 shots, killing vail. a grand jury found the deputies actions were justified.
officers responded to a report that the suspect had abducted his 9-year-old son and was armed. a 40 mile chase ended following unspecified police intervention. officers and the suspect exchanged gunfire which killed one officer and the suspect.
david compton was shot in the head inside the home of deptford officer james stuart, 29, in what was called at the time a tragic accident. compton was taken to cooper medical center in camden, nj, and died of his wounds. stuart was charged with first-degree murder, pleaded not guilty, a trial could begin in april 2015.
christopher was with two others in a car. pueblo police officers attempted to pull them over after reports of gunshots in the area. they did not pull over to the side of the road, but then crashed the car. all three fled on foot. christopher shot at the officers after getting out of the car, and struck one of them in the shoulder. they found his about an hour later and he did not cooperate with the officers. police said tavares was shot and killed after he refused to listen to a detective's commands and tried to flee.
