elliot, who was on medication for depression, threatened suicide and then threatened to shoot a mason county sheriff's deputy.
a neighbor called 911 after she saw walling holding a gun to his head in his garage. when mason county deputies arrived, he threatened to shoot them.
washington county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report about a suicidal woman. when they arrived, she confronted them with a knife.
tylka was a suspect in the homicide of his wife. tylka shot and critically wounded an oregon state trooper who was pursuing his vehicle.
hoffman, who brandished a bb gun at officers in a san francisco police parking lot, left a suicide note addressed to them that said "you did nothing wrong."
brown drove a car toward san francisco police officers who were investigating a car theft. her brother said she had a mental illness.
san francisco police responded to calls about a man threatening people at a shopping center. mcwherter shot at officers when they arrived, critically injuring one in the head.
glendale police said that tassinari told an officer he was armed and then reached for his waistband. a neighbor said tassinari was vietnam veteran who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder. 
police say cockerel was stabbing himself in the chest and then lunged at four phoenix police officers.
tellez opened fire on phoenix police officers from inside of his van. police said he was known to have mental issues.
deysie pointed a handgun at mesa police officers and told officers to shoot him. 
maricopa county sheriff's deputies, called for a suicidal person, negotiated with warolf for hours. he pointed his gun at officers when they tried to distract and disarm him.
maricopa county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report that aguilar was threatening suicide. when deputies arrived, he brandished a gun.
niesen threw rocks and bricks at phoenix police officers, who shot and kiilled him. his family later told police that he had recently made "suicidal statements." 
tempe police were called to the home by a woman who said she wanted their help removing her boyfriend from the property. when officers arrived, mould approached them with a knife. mould's family later said he struggled with bouts of mental illness and alcohol addiction.
phoenix police were responding to a report of a suicidal person. wilson refused to come out of his home, held a gun to his head and pointed it at officers.
clarke was shot by mesa police officers who were responding to a report of a suicidal person. he moved toward the officers with a knife.
phoenix police responded to 911 calls about a woman firing a handgun along a canal. homer ran into an apartment and pointed the gun at herself and then toward officers.
buckner killed five members of his family after an argument. phoenix police confronted buckner inside the house after one of his relatives called for help. his family told police that buckner had been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
chandler police were responding to a 911 call at a walmart store. as officers arrived, oakley was leaving the store and began shooting at the officers, who returned fire. oakley had been declared mentally incompetent at a previous court proceeding, according to reports.
tempe police answered a call about an armed robbery at a walgreens. a man matching the description ran from an officer, who chased him and shot hollina during a scuffle. hollins family told police he had been struggling with mental illness
phoenix police said they went to an apartment searching for strand, who was a suspect in a homicide. when they entered his apartment, strand jumped out of a closet and cut an officer on the hand with a knife, police said. strand's mother said he had struggled with bouts of mental instability.
phoenix police were called by papa's mother who said he was armed with a large sword. when police later found him, he ran at the officers with the sword. papa's mother said he had struggled with mental health issues.
an arizona state trooper attempted to stop the vehicle hoff was driving. hoff led troopers on a high-speed chase and almost struck an officer. one trooper said he was holding a gun.
port authority police officers confronted kelley and his father, who were drinking in a gazebo. police shot kelley after he attacked an officer and fatally stabbed a police dog. family said that he suffered from mental illness.
nuu hit a police dog with a hammer and then tried to attack stockton police officers with it. nuu's daughter said he had been hospitalized for mental illness.
he tried to stab a columbus police officer at port columbus international airport. abdul-rasheed had spent three years in a psychiatric hospital. in 2000, a judge found him not guilty by reason of insanity in an attempted murder case.
the man struck four homes and a number of cars with his pickup truck before he allegedly climbed out and pointed the gun at new orleans police officers. witnesses dispute whether he was armed.
billings police were called to the hotel by a clerk who reported a man with a gun. police said killough refused to drop the weapon.
lambrose's wife called 911 because he was suicidal and had barricaded himself and his children inside their  home. lambrose shot at a police officer who was attempting to help the family escape through a window.
el paso police officers responding to a report of a suicidal man outside a day-care center shot gandara when he reached for a gun.
el paso police responded to a call about a suicidal person. wilson told officers that he had two handguns and an assault rifle. he reached behind his back and pulled out a dark object, which turned out to be a cellphone.
he was shot by tuscola and arcola police officers who were investigating a domestic disturbance.
keunang, a homeless man, was shot in an altercation with los angeles police officers patrolling skid row. he had a history of mental health issues.
los angeles police were called to solis's residence because he was suicidal and cutting himself. he approached an officer with kitchen knives.
flores pointed his pellet gun at san bernandino county sheriff's deputies who had been called to investigate an erratic person. his family said he suffered from anxiety attacks.
martinez's wife called 911 because he was stabbing himself. when los angeles police officers arrived, he charged at them with his knife. 
valadez walked down a street pointing a gun at himself and others before getting into a confrontation with the los angeles police.
azusa police responded to reports that simental was acting erratically and trying to break into a house. a neighbor said simental screamed at the arriving officers to shoot him.
when los angeles county deputies went to the man's home to check on his well-being, he drove his vehicle into a patrol car and struck a deputy. police said he had a mental illness and had stopped taking his medication.
los angeles police officers were responding to calls about a woman threatening people with a knife at an intersection. guzman ignored officers' commands to drop the knife. family members said she had a history of mental illness.
herrera was reported to be vandalizing an apartment building. los angeles police said herrera reached for an officer's gun. herrera's mother later said that he suffered from bipolar disorder.
west covina police were transporting alachadzhyan to a hospital when he commandeered the patrol car. he led officers on a high-speed chase and, when surrounded, drove the vehicle toward officers.
los angeles county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of a robbery. when they encountered medina, who matched the description of the robbery suspect, he held his hands together as if he was holding a gun and pointed toward deputies. his family said he suffered from depression.
los angeles police responded to a call about a mentally ill man. police found frias holding a kitchen knife and struggled with him until he retreated into a home. swat team officers deployed bean bags, a taser and tear gas before frias attacked an officer with the knife.
los angele officers on patrol found him carrying a metal stick with a bayonet-style weapon on the end. luna had a history of mental health issues.
long beach police were called to a report of a suicidal man. romero refused orders to drop his knife and charged at the responding officers. family said that he was a veteran with ptsd.
los angeles police officers were responding to reports of a man with a weapon in the area. police say perez, who was suicidial,  pointed what turned out to be a replica handgun at officers.
shirley drove her vehicle into a torrance police officer's cruiser after a short car chase.
los angeles county deputies responded to a call about a mentally ill man attacking his family with scissors. when they located li, he approached deputies with a sharp object in his hand, authorities reported.
spivey, a decorated veteran, donned his air force uniform and called las vegas police threatening suicide. a police sniper shot him after a standoff during which spivey fired 23 rounds.
when pulled over for a traffic stop, todora got out of his vehicle and told las vegas police officers that he wanted them to shoot him. he then fired at an officer.
las vegas police entered a home to investigate a report of a broken window. when officers opened a closet door, he jumped out and lunged at them with a sharp object. police said he needed mental health care.
lush was driving a stolen car. she shot at members of the las vegas metropolitan police department's swat team. police found suicide notes in her car.
the man fled on foot when las vegas metropolitan police tried to initiate a traffic stop. when officers found him, he refused to show his hands. the gun mceniry had in his waistband was found to be an airsoft pellet gun.
kimberling pointed the gun at herself and then turned it toward  members of the las vegas metropolitan police swat team.
albuquerque police were called to investigate a report of a shooting at a residence. the suspect led officers and bernalillo county deputies on a pursuit, carjacking two vehicles before he was shot. alvarado had a history of threatening to kill himself.
a u.s. marshals task force was attempting to arrest burke for a probation or parole violation. burke brandished a gun at officers, according to the bernalillo county sheriff‰Ûªs department. burke had suffered from ptsd since her time serving in the us army.
he was shot in his mother's home after he charged at a jourdanton police officer. police say mcclendon had a history of mental illness.
tolkinen, who had a history of mental illness, was wearing a bulletproof vest and armed with an assault rifle. after an hour-long standoff, st. paul police fired into his home.
st. paul police were called to quinn's house by his mother, who said he was suicidal. when they arrived, he refused to drop a screwdriver. his family said he had schizophrenia.
roseville police were called to the birkeland's apartment by neighbors who reported hearing a disturbance. after officers found him hiding in a closet, birkeland stabbed a police dog. he had a history of mental illness.
standing in the street, he shot a rifle at chesapeake police. officers were responding to a report that he was suicidal.
chesapeake police said they went to the residence to serve brooks with an an emergency custody order. brooks shot and wounded his mother and then fired at officers.
indianapolis police officers came to the home looking for a suicidal individual and myers fired at them with a rifle.
johnson shouted at beech grove police to shoot him and raised his handgun toward officers. 
armed with a knife, goodlow ran at indianapolis metropolitan police officers. goodlow's family told police that he was bipolar and schizophrenic.
his mother believed he was suicidal and called bloomington police. officers shot him when he refused to drop his gun.
kmetz shot at new hope officers attending a swearing-in ceremony in city hall. kmetz had spent time in a psychiatric hospital.
a plymouth police officer responding to a disturbance call at a fast-food restaurant shot wolfsteller during a struggle. a week before the incident, wolfsteller's grandparents had called plymouth police for help dealing with a mental health crisis what wolfsteller was experiencing.
minneapolis police answered a call about an erratic man with a weapon. when officers arrived, heraldes ran into an apartment and stabbed another man inside.
ceja charged at fairfield police officers answering a domestic disturbance call. police said he was suicidal.
conley, who had a long history of mental health problems, threatened a vallejo police officer with a large knife, police said, and left a note in his truck apologizing for forcing police to kill him.
a woman called union city police and reported that an unknown man was in her back yard and banging on an entrance to her house. when officers arrived, the man rushed at them with a garden tool.
newark police responded to a call about a suicidal man. after pointing the gun at himself, graves pointed it at officers.
dajani, who was holding one family member at knifepoint and had stabbed two others, was shot by a tarrant county sheriff's deputy. sheriff‰Ûªs officials said dajani‰Ûªs family told them he had a history of mental health issues.
arlington police officers responded to the residence after they were called about a suicidal person. weis pointed a gun at the officers as she tried to back a vehicle out of her garage.
euless police responded to calls about a man firing a gun outside. gonzalez fatally shot one of the officers.
azle police responded to a report that a man was shooting a gun in a residential area. minnick pointed the gun at an officer, police said. neighbors later told the police that minnick was suicidal and had wanted to end his life that night.
guillory pointed a gun at maricopa police officers who were responding to 911 hang-up calls. guillory was a military contractor in afghanistan and suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, his wife said.
mejia threatened a deputy with the pinal county sheriff's department outside a market. family members told detectives mejia suffered from severe mental illness.
casa grande police responded to a report that parker was threatening to hurt himself. when police arrived, parker came out of the home with a machete and charged at officers. police said that officers first tried to stop him by shooting a beanbag and using a taser.
the vietnam veteran confronted kentucky state police and magoffin county sheriff's officers who came to arrest him. castle suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
he approached moreno valley police officers while refusing to drop a hand tool. officers had identified him as a suspect in a stabbing and an assault on an officer earlier that night.
multiple people called 911 to report that a man was walking around with a hatchet and a gun. after a standoff, lourenco pointed a gun at officers and was shot by a california state trooper and a riverside county deputy. his father stated that lourenco was carrying a toy gun.
toto fired at a derry police officer responding to a call that he was suicidal and armed.
coignard walked into the longview police building lobby with "i have a gun" written on her hand. she then pulled a knife out of her waistband. coignard had exhibited signs of mental illness at age 12 and took medication for depression, her father said.
mesch led austin police on a chase, climbed out of his truck and pointed a gun at officers. his wife had called police to report that he was suicidal.
an austin police sniper shot bolin, ending a five-hour standoff. bolin, whose boyfriend told police she was suicidal, pointed a gun at officers and herself.
he told 911 dispatchers that he was suicidal. when austin police officers arrived at his home, he cut himself and reached for a bb gun.
austin police were responding to a report that a man was threatening people with knives in a parking lot. police said hunkin, who had a knife in each hand, lunged at an officer.
she was shot by austin police officers when she emerged from her home, pointed what appeared to be a weapon at the officers and refused to drop it. jester's husband had called the police to express his concern about her mental health. when the police arrived, she allegedly told them, "shoot me, shoot me, kill me." police later determined that the weapon was a realistic-looking bb gun.
hutchins threatened people at a toddler's birthday party and refused a baltimore police officer's commands to drop the knife. an activist group said hutchins suffered from a mental illness. 
camacho told 911 dispatchers that he was suicidal and would shoot police. when camden county officers found his vehicle, he pointed the gun at them.
denver police were responding to a report that he stabbed his mother in the neck. he led officers on a foot chase and then approached police with a knife.
garcia charged at kern county sheriff's deputies with a knife. the deputies were responding to a report that he was suicidal.
terry threatened omaha police officers with knives when they arrived at her home to investigate a domestic disturbance. family members said terry suffered a mental breakdown after struggling with lupus and rheumatoid arthritis.
omaha police were responding to a disturbance involving a stolen vehicle. adams had barricaded himself inside an apartment with others inside. he said he was suicidal and pointed the gun at his head. he then lowered it to the officers' direction.
fulshear police were called to her home to investigate the fatal shootings of sheats's two daughters. police said that sheats refused to drop a gun she brandished. authorities said they had been called to sheats's home before for issues with her mental health.
james fired at kentwood and state police called to his home for a disturbance. family members said james, who took anti-depressants, was drinking heavily and became increasingly paranoid.
a kentwood police officer responded to a report of a man threatening suicide. the officer shot arnold when he pointed his gun at police and refused to drop the weapon. 
marshall, who had threatened to kill himself, lunged at a harris county sheriff's deputy.
houston police began pursuing reynolds because he was driving erratically. once his vehicle was boxed in, reynolds put his vehicle in reverse and attempted to run over the officers. his daughter said he struggled with mental illness.
ramos waved a machete at a houston police officer, demanded the keys to her patrol car, and then struck the vehicle with the machete. when she shot him with a taser, ramos lunged at her. a deputy with harris county precinct 6 shot and killed the man. ramos's sister told reporters later that her brother suffered from schizophrenia.
garza shot and killed a man outside a houston gas station and wounded three others in a nearby neighborhood. garza shot at officers who responded to the scene and was killed by a houston police swat team officer.
family members told precinct 4 deputy constables that miller made threatening calls. when miller came home, she raised a gun in the direction of officers. family members said she had a mental illness.
baltimore county police officers shot bright after he approached them with a knife outside a 7-eleven. family members have said bright struggled with mental illness.
 hendrix fled a traffic stop, then shot at baltimore county police. he is suspected of killing his parents and sister in kentucky over losing computer privileges.
baltimore county deputies were called for possible  domestic violence incident. mccain threatened suicide while officers were on their way. police said he acted as if he had a weapon.
harrisburg police responded to pinckney's home after they were told that he was threatening his mother with a knife. police said they shot him when he refused to drop the knife. after the shooting, pinckney's mother said that her son was holding her down but did not have a weapon. pinckney had struggled with bipolar disorder for many years, his mother said.
rose, a former california state trooper, fired at a police helicopter and then at san bernardino county sheriff's deputies. family members said rose suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder. 
franco called the ontario police department claiming to be suicidal. the police eventually located him in his vehicle. when he stopped, he charged at officers with a samurai sword.
brand, whose family had reported him as missing and suicidal, ignored orders from san bernardino county deputies to drop a handgun.
he pointed a revolver at passing cars and people, then refused ontario police orders to drop his weapon. police found a suicide note at his home.
ontario police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance when wenceslao refused to drop a metal pipe. his family said he was feeling suicidal.
a fontana police officer was checking on santino's well-being when he brandished a knife.
barstow police officers responded to reports of a man attacking another family member and trying to break down the door of a house. powell struggled with officers and was shot.
combs told an employee of a nearby water facility that he had explosives in his car. the employee reported the incident and san bernardino sheriff's deputies responded. combs drove his car toward deputies.
pickett physically attacked a san bernardino county sheriff's deputy who was attempting to arrest him. court records indicate that pickett had been previously admitted to a mental health program.
fontana police officers were responding to the report of a robbery when hall confronted them with a knife and a rock. family members said he was disabled and had schizoaffective disorder.
trejeda-campos refused commands to drop his knife and was shot by san bernardino police officers when he lunged toward them.
mccarroll barricaded himself in his mother's house and then charged st. louis county police officers with a knife. police said he was mentally distressed.
contra costa sheriff's deputies shot ward when he came at them with a knife. deputies were serving a protective order secured against him by his mother. family members said ward was diagnosed with schizophrenia three years ago.
contra costa deputies were attempting to arrest mallet on a warrant for child molestation. he barricaded himself inside his home. when police tried to force him from the home using nonlethal force, he came out of a window and pointed a gun at officers.
purvis's wife called 911 after he shot her in the hand.  after douglas police arrived, purvis stood on his front porch and pointed a gun at an officer. his family reported later that he had been under psychiatric care in the days before the shooting.
mateen opened fire in an orlando nightclub, killing at least 49 and injuring 53. he was shot and killed by members of the orlando police swat team.
orange county deputies, who were notified because charbonneau was suicidal, found him in his back yard with a shotgun. he threatened a relative and ignored commands to drop the weapon.
greenwell, who was intoxicated and had a history of mental illness, began shooting at memphis police from the porch of his parents' home. 
memphis police were called to the man's home. police said that allen pointed a rifle at the officer. the man had a mental condition, police said.
oklahoma city police said weaver refused to drop the machete, raised it over his head and approached an officer. neighbors said weaver struggled with mental problems.
sandeno pointed a pellet gun at edmond police officers. sandeno's wife had called police because he was suicidal.
police said prophet lunged toward an oklahoma city police officer with a knife.
poole, sitting on a lawn mower, shot at officers from the gaston county police department. he had called a suicide hotline.
anchorage police responded to a call about a fight inside an apartment. they encountered bean armed with a knife.
witnesses said zeckovic shoplifted from a home depot and assaulted an employee. anchorage police found the suspect behind the store carrying axes and hatchets. police said he threw some of them at officers and then moved toward them with a hatchet.
cordaro, who had threatened to kill family members, fired at clarkstown officers after a seven-hour standoff. police said he struggled with depression and had previously attempted suicide.
officers with the aroostook county sheriff's office and maine state police went to the home where kreyssig lived after his family reported he was suicidal.
boulware shot at dallas police headquarters from an armored vehicle and then exchanged gunfire with officers in a restaurant parking lot. his father said boulware struggled with mental illness.
dallas police were responding to reports of ramirez shooting a gun in the parking lot of an apartment complex. ramirez was expressing suicidal thoughts to his girlfriend.
zambrano-montes was shot by three pasco police officers after he threw rocks at vehicles. his family said he had struggled with mental illness.
deputies with the garfield county sheriff's department had been dispatched to investigate a report of domestic violence.
san jose police said watkins charged at officers with a knife. family said watkins was depressed and suicidal at the time of the shooting. 
from his second-floor balcony, dunham shot and killed a san jose police officer before officers returned fire. his family said dunham had been suicidal in the past.
weber, a liquor store robbery suspect, wouldn't drop a knife when a sunnyvale police officer confronted him. his family said he was a veteran struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder.
palo alto police were responding to a report that a man was threatening others with a knife outside a residential mental health treatment center. when officers arrived, the man lunged at them with the weapon. the man had checked himself into the treatment center days before the shooting, according to a report.
san jose police responded to the home to investigate a report that nunez was suicidal. police shot nunez as he stepped out of the residence with a gun, family members said.
after a brief chase, stewart brandished a bb gun at a deputy from the tallapoosa county sheriff's department. stewart's family said he wrestled with mental illness.
laredo police received a report that cuellar, a sheriff's deputy, was suicidal. they opened fire when he refused to put down his service handgun.
hall's mother called 911 because he was outside in the cold in his underwear. miami gardens police shot him after he refused to drop a broomstick handle. hall was diagnosed with bipolar disease and schizophrenia, his family said.
miami-dade police officers were responding to reports from family members that suarez-ruiz was suicidal. he fled the house and then returned and confronted police.
miami-dade police were responding to a robbery at a restaurant. leon led an officer on a foot chase that ended near a canal. leon's parents told the police that he had been struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder since he returned from serving with the marines in iraq.
miami-dade police were responding to reports of a man breaking windows and destroying tires with a pickax. rincon lunged at officers with it.
miami-dade police stopped a stolen suv and approached it. the driver refused to get out of the vehicle, then he pulled out a "medieval-looking" sword and threatened officers with it.
iuka police responded to a domestic disturbance call at lambert's home, where he barricaded himself inside with family members. after six hours, a swat team entered the home, exchanging gunfire with lambert. one agent from the state bureau of narcotics was fatally shot and three state troopers were wounded.
steward brandished the hatchet at deputies with the clackamas county sheriff's office. steward, who suffered from depression, had said he wanted to provoke a fatal confrontation with law enforcement.
clackamas county sheriff's deputies responded to a call about a man threatening his family with a gun. when they arrived, the man brandished a rifle. police said he was having a mental health crisis.
oregon city police officers were attempting to arrest the man on a warrant. police said moore became agitated and physically confronted the officers. moore's family said he had struggled with schizophrenia.
police were called to the residence to check on his welfare. szymanski barricaded himself inside the home and fired at tucson police swat team officers. officers later identified the 911 caller as szymanski.
tucson police were checking on smith's welfare. officers said that he came out of a bedroom and lunged toward them with a butcher knife. smith's family said he had mental health issues.
a man called 911 and reported someone was in his home and then hung up. ada county deputies arrived and encountered easter  who pointed a gun at them.
evans pointed a pellet gun that looked like an assault weapon at provo police officers. his estranged wife told authorities that evans wanted police to kill him. 
spanish fork police searched for evans after he had threatened suicide on social media. when police found him, he brandished a gun.
ogden police responded to a domestic disturbance call. officers found moses stabbing a woman repeatedly.
a utah county sheriff's deputy shot edwards after he threatened to kill a teenage girl he was holding hostage.
lowell police had been called to investigate reports that perez was threatening to kill people on the street. perez refused orders by police to drop a meat cleaver and knife.
fonville's girlfriend called police to help get her to a mental health center. police said she lunged at an officer with a knife, though her girlfriend disputed that.
ackhavong barricaded himself inside a convenience store, police said. when charlotte-mecklenburg police arrived, he threatened to kill himself before pointing a gun at officers.
harris's son called birmingham police to check on his father. when an officer and firefighter went to his apartment, harris pointed a gun at them. police said they had reports that harris suffered from dementia.
smith was armed when hoover police officers went to his home to investigate a report of a domestic disturbance.  smith's family told police that he had not been taking his medication to treat his mental illness.
franco-armenta barricaded himself inside his vehicle and threatened suicide. eventually, he shot at law enforcement officers.
terryn, who planned to drive to ohio and commit suicide with his girlfriend, shot at a florida highway patrol trooper who saw that his vehicle had a broken headlight.
palm bay police were called when he threatened to shoot construction workers near his home. after a two-hour standoff with police, corcino came out of the house holding a gun. his girlfriend said corcino was suffering from ptsd and schizophrenia.
palm bay police said they were called to the home by a woman who said her husband had threatened to kill her. as a swat team entered the home, they learned the woman had been shot and officers exchanged gunfire with newman, killing him. newman had struggled with mental illness for several years.
denham springs police responded to a call from kohl's mother saying her son was threatening suicide. police said kohl pointed a gun at them when they found him pacing a median between a hooters and a longhorn steakhouse.
biegert's mother said she asked green bay police to check on her son, who had battled depression, after he called her and apologized for being a disappointment.
burg carjacked an elderly couple in a parking lot. she led collier county sheriff's deputies in a pursuit and shot at the officers.
deckard, a suspect in a stabbing, charged anaheim police officers. she had a history of schizophrenia.
orange county sheriff's deputies were responding to a call that ouzounian was suicidal. they found him with self-inflicted stab wounds and a confrontation ensued.
while an anaheim police officer was conducting a traffic stop, garcia pulled up in his truck, got out and charged at the officer with a knife. garcia's family said he struggled with mental illness.
california highway patrol officers were responding to reports that a man was running along the freeway and crossing lanes of traffic. according to the highway patrol, barron's family had informed them that he had been struggling with mental illness.
greenville county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of a disturbance. garrison moved toward them with a rifle and screamed for deputies to kill him.
sherrod killed three people, then pointed his gun at officers of the edgecombe county sheriff's department and state highway patrol. police said he struggled with paranoid schizophrenia.
lawrence threatened his estranged wife with the knife and refused to drop it when milwaukee police arrived. a relative said lawrence had a long history of mental health issues.
he brandished a sword at a friend's home and the friend called police. he refused to drop the sword when ordered to do so by wauwatosa police.
greenfield police were called to his apartment to investigate a report of a suicidal man on a balcony. when  officers entered his apartment he tried to stab them.
police said the man was splashing and talking to himself in a lake and then broke into a nearby home. the residents fled and called 911. when madison police arrived, the man threatened officers with a pitchfork.
wilmington police were responding to a call about a man with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. officers encountered mcdole, who was in a wheelchair and armed with a gun. 
hill, naked and acting erratically, was shot when he ran toward a dekalb county police officer. hill was a veteran and had mental health issues.
when east baton rouge parish deputies responded to a disturbance call at sanders's home, he pointed a rifle at deputies. police said he had threatened to harm himself.
baton rouge police officers were responding to reports of a disturbance when they encountered smith. he led the the officers on a short car chase and then climbed out with a gun and opened fire. smith's family said he had been struggling with mental illness and had recently been in treatment at a mental health facility.
east baton rouge parish deputies were searching for the man after his family reported that he was suicidal. stevenson forced his way into his girlfriend's apartment and attacked her and her child. when deputies found him, stevenson rammed their patrol cars with his vehicle.
richmond heights police were checking on the welfare of zamaro, who was reportedly suicidal. zamaro shot at police.
north royalton police were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance. wang, who was described as mentally ill by his sister, grabbed a knife when police arrived and stabbed one officer, police said.
burgess pointed a bb gun that looked like a semi-automatic handgun at a kingman police officer. his mother had called 911 when burgess began punching walls.
bullhead city police said they were responding to a residence after a woman called and threatened to shoot her girlfriend and then shoot herself. lewis pointed what turned out to be an airsoft gun at an officer.
a woman called 911 and said there was an intruder in her home. when maryland state police and rising sun police officers arrived, she pointed a pellet gun at them. police said they found a suicide note in her home.
jones and his girlfriend were sought for arrest as part of a heroin investigation. he emerged from a hotel room and pointed a gun at maryland law enforcement officers. the weapon was later determined to be a bb gun. his mother said he had previously attempted suicide.
metro transit police said gross, who was wearing no shoes or pants, rushed at them wielding a large tree branch. law enforcement officials described gross as troubled.
district police were responding to a 911 call about a man with a gun. police said evans refused to drop his weapon and pointed it at officers. police said they later determined the weapon was a pellet gun.
after holman was served with an eviction order, he began a standoff with kansas city police. during the 12-hour ordeal, he threatened to kill officers with a rifle and a grenade. his aunt said he took medication for schizophrenia.
blue springs officers responded to a report of a burglary. they encountered keil, who threatened officers with a knife. police later determined the teen had reported the burglary and may have wanted to provoke officers to shoot him. he left a note that outlined a plan to be shot by police.
lee's summit police were investigating a report of a domestic disturbance at lanahan's home. he moved toward an officer with a knife and was shot. lanahan's family said he was autistic and was grieving the recent loss of his father. neighbors told police lanahan had been talking about suicide in the days before the shooting.
a san antonio police officer shot castilleja while he was firing into a crowd outside a bar. his family said he struggled with bipolar disease.
flores, who was struggling with schizophrenia and depression, shot his father and fired at bexar county sheriff's office deputies when they entered his house.
bexar county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. flores resisted deputies as they attempted to arrest him.
san antonio police were called to hernandez's home after he fought with neighbors and shot at them. swat team officers shot hernandez when he came outside holding a rifle. hernandez's family told police he suffered with severe mental illness.
smith, a texas prison guard, opened fire on onalaska police who were called to investigate a man with a gun. friends said smith struggled with depression.
sacramento police were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance when coates confronted officers with a bb gun. his girlfriend said he was bipolar.
the sacramento county sheriff's department was called to investigate a report that a man had stolen merchandise from a walmart and was threatening to hurt himself with a knife. when officers arrived, prescott refused to drop the weapon.
police detained him after investigating a report of a suspicious person. police said flenaugh fled from a patrol car, armed himself with a knife and moved toward officers.
witnesses said mann was acting erratic and had a knife and gun. when sacramento police arrived, he took a combative stance holding the knife and advanced toward them. his brother said he had a mental illness.
a california highway patrol officer saw king in a parking lot with a gun. officers stopped and ordered king to drop his weapon, but he refused. king's wife told police he has been suffering from a bipolar disorder.
shipley fired on medford police from his garage after a 19-hour standoff. he had grown increasingly paranoid, according to his girlfriend.
morris threatened to shoot himself and police officers. he was killed during an exchange of gunfire with a medford police officer.
jacksonville sheriff's deputies went to compo's home after his wife reported that he was going to kill her. he  pointed a rifle at them and fired seven times. friends told police campo had threatened to kill himself the day before.
marsh was shot by jacksonsville sheriff's deputies after he charged toward them with a knife. marsh had posted a suicide note on facebook before the incident, according to a report.
childress, a murder suspect who had just illegally crossed into the united states from canada, sprayed a chemical at u.s. border patrol agents who confronted him. his mother said he had been diagnosed with a mental illness.
lawrence county sheriff's deputies say watkins, who was delusional and in need of hospitalization, lunged at them, but watkins's family has disputed that account.
white, a taxi driver who suffered from mental illness, was chasing an airport security officer with the weapon when a jefferson parish sheriff's deputy opened fire.
page told an emergency dispatcher that he wanted to be shot by officers and threatened a neighbor with a starter pistol. officers heard a gunshot from inside the apartment and page emerged, raising his gun toward them.
yavapai county sheriff's deputies were investigating a report of a man shooting at neighbors' homes. bates refused the deputies' orders to drop the weapon. his wife said he was suicidal.
portland police said healy came at them with the knife, but witnesses said healy drew the knife only after he'd been shot. his cousin said he struggled with paranoid schizophrenia.
portland police were responding to a suicidal person outside a hospital. johnson refused to surrender and fired two shots.
brown led portsmouth police on a car chase and then brandished the gun during a struggle with officers. his family said he had a history of mental illness. 
kendrick told a san diego county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy to shoot him. then he pointed a shotgun at the deputy.
san diego police responded to a 911 call of a man threatening people with a knife. police saynehad was advancing toward an officer, holding a shiny object, that turned out to not be a knife. court documents filed after nehad's death detail his long struggle with mental illness.
fiel exited his car and led san diego police officers on a foot chase before pulling a gun and shooting an officer in her torso. in a prior court case, experts said he struggled with mental illnesses.
a san diego sheriff's deputy answering a report of a violent, mentally ill man shot hubble after he threatened him. witnesses reported that hubble wanted police to shoot him.
he drove up to a san diego county deputy and threatened to kill him and then kill himself. after a standoff, he climbed out of his car and extended his arm, which was wrapped in a shirt, at deputies and u.s. border patrol agents.
san diego county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance at the man's home. when deputies attempted to make contact with the man, he shot at them with a crossbow.
el cajon police were called to investigate reports of a man behaving erratically. police said that when officers arrived, olango pulled an object out of his pocket and assumed a "shooting stance." the object turned out to be a silver vape smoking device. olango's sister told authorities that he had a mental illness.
st. lucie county deputies tried serve an order for an involuntary mental health examination. after a six-hour standoff, scott came out shooting at swat members and deputies.
a family member called port st. lucie police because fleurant was behaving erratically with a machete. police said that officers tased fleurant and then shot him when he moved toward them with the machete.
duncan called 911 and said that he wanted to be killed by police. he rushed at a ventura county sheriff's deputy while holding a knife.
boston university police officers approached laboy because he matched the description of a man sought on warrants. laboy brandished a knife and fled, encountering a massachusetts state trooper who shot him when he refused to drop the weapon. laboy had struggled with mental instability for many years, according to his sister.
boston police were responding to reports of gunfire inside a home. fanfan refused to drop his firearm. fanfan had a history of mental health problems.
babb, whose family members said he was a combat veteran suffering from ptsd, pointed a rifle at eugene police officers.
hillsborough county deputies and a crisis team responded to a call about an agitated man who was brandishing what looked like a handgun. casale asked deputies to shoot him as he pointed the weapon, which was later determined to be a bb gun.
tampa police were investigating reports of two men fighting in a hotel parking lot. mcmanamon shot at officers. mcmanamon's wife told police he struggled with suicidal thoughts.
massac county sheriff's department deputies found hicks in a cemetery threatening to shoot himself. he refused to drop his gun and led them on a car chase.
allen, a veteran who struggled with schizophrenia, pointed his gun at a sand springs police officer who had been called to investigate gun shots in the neighborhood.
the man's wife called tulsa police and said he was threatening her. officers found him in the street holding an ax. police said he threatened them and made suicidal statements.
tulsa police were called to investigate reports of shots fired at a residence. when they arrived, massengale pointed a gun at officers. inside the home, police discovered a dead woman and three dead dogs.
rutledge, a member of the national guard, threatened to shoot himself and another person. a deputy from the rapides parish sheriff's office shot him when he pointed the gun at officers.
zion police responded to reports that of a suspicious person photographing schools. hollstein, who was carrying a bb gun and wearing a tactical vest, fled on foot and struggled with officers, who opened fire. hollstein's father told authorities his son had been struggling with schizophrenia.
noll barricaded himself in his vehicle, threatened to kill new mexico state police officers and yelled at police to shoot him. police interviews with family members indicated that noll had been contemplating suicide for a year.
pennsylvania state troopers found leipold in a prison  parking lot, shooting a rifle at the ground and in the air. leipold ignored orders to drop the weapon. police said he had a mental disorder.
sampson county sheriff's deputies shot evans following the robbery of the han-dee hugo's convenience store. evans suffered from mental illness, a relative said.
finley struck a jonesboro police officer with a machete when police were trying to arrest him based on a warrant. finley's father said he had bipolar disorder and suffered from depression.
watson, whose family told police he was suicidal, killed his wife and shot his dog before barricading himself in his recreational vehicle. later, he came out firing two guns at canon city police officers.
chicago police officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. legrier's family told police that he had been struggling with mental health issues.
wilmore police had responded to a call at the house and said foster refused to drop his gun. police said he was suicidal.
edinburg police were called to his home after a neighbor reported hearing screaming from his house. police said he had threatened suicide. lopez fired at officers during the three-hour standoff.
mission police answered a domestic disturbance call where they found green with a machete. he climbed into a truck and led police on a brief chase and then drove at officers. his father told police that green was schizophrenic and had stopped taking his medication.
lakewood police said covarrubias pointed a dark object at officers when they encountered him hiding in a lumberyard. the object turned out to be a cell phone. covarrubias had a history of mental problems.
pierce county sheriff's deputies said they were responding to a call from the man's family. when deputies arrived, he attempted to attack them with a chain saw. authorities said the man had mental health issues.
lexington county sheriff's officers were responding to a call that key was threatening to hurt himself with a knife.
iredell county sheriff's deputies were evicting grady and he lunged at them with a knife. family said that he was mentally ill.
pickaway county deputies responded to the man's home because he had called a crisis hotline. when they arrived, they said they found him outside the house, holding a rifle.
efraim opened fire inside a queens bar, then shot at new york city officers who chased him on foot. efraim had struggled with psychiatric issues for years. 
boulder police received calls about a man under a bridge firing a gun into a creek. when officers arrived, fischer pointed his gun at officers.
police said he threatened people on the university of colorado campus with a machete and then went into an athletic facility, triggering a lockdown. when boulder and campus police located simmons, he refused to drop the weapon. simmons' friends later told police he had been struggling with ptsd.
victoria police officers answering a domestic call found lawrence in the doorway. lawrence, who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, refused orders to drop the weapon.
felix, who was diagnosed with schizophrenia, fled from new york city detectives who wanted to interview him about a robbery. he grabbed an officer‰Ûªs radio and struck a detective on the head.
new york city police said conrad was acting belligerent, approached officers and refused to drop his knife.
davis ignored lake county sheriff's deputies' orders to leave his parents' house and lunged at an officer with a knife. he had a history of mental illness and hours before the shooting told his mother that he was going to die that day.
matthews, sought for arrest on a probation violation, struggled with a dearborn police officer. his family said he was on medication for schizophrenia.
dearborn police officers pursued wilson in her vehicle after she was involved in a disturbance at a shopping mall. she ignored orders and drove her car toward an officer on foot, police said.
green took a woman hostage and shot at marion police. his mother said her son's death was a suicide by police.
police from several law enforcement agencies were attempting to arrest holderfield on a warrant for a robbery. he pointed his gun at them. his brother suggested that he had "given up" after the death of his father and a cancer diagnosis.
officers with the u.s. marshals service were attempting to arrest robinson when he shot at them. robinson's family told authorities that robinson suffered from schizophrenia.
officers were attempting to serve adkins with an  emergency custody order when he fired a sawed-off shotgun at virginia troopers and greenville county deputies. adkins had a history of mental health issues. in 2013, a magistrate wrote that adkins "is a danger to himself."
acree pointed a gun at nashville police officers as they served him a warrant. family members said he was paranoid and struggled with mental illness.
montano attacked a person at a movie theater with a hachet. nashville police responded to the situation and were met with montano holding a gun. the weapon turned out to be a airsoft pellet gun. montano had been hospitalized for "significant psychiatric or psychological issues,"  according to police.
duchesne county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report of an erratic person with a handgun when they confronted norton.
kennewick police officers and swat members shot cook after a hostage situation and standoff at his apartment building. prior to the shooting, cook's mother called and said she concerned about her son's mental state and that he could harm himself or someone else. 
a pulaski police officer found frost in a pickup, armed and asleep. he awoke and fired at the officer. frost's family said he was a veteran who struggled with post-traumatic stress disorder and depression.
gwinnett county police officers, responding to a report of a suicidal person, shot and killed roy when he charged at them with a steak knife. 
an oswego county sheriff's deputy went to schwalm's home after he called the county medical examiner's office and said he was suicidal.
manley, who had fled from a car crash, was shot as he struggled with prince george's officers over one of the officer's guns.
st. johns county sheriff's deputies found way holding a large machete in his bedroom after his girlfriend reported that he was suicidal.
martin's girlfriend called police because he was possibly suicidal. when st. johns county sheriff's office deputies arrived and coaxed him out of his house, he fired at them.
officers with the kalamazoo county sheriff's office, kalamazoo public safety and michigan state police opened fire when pelletier crashed the car and brandished a rifle. pelletier had mental health problems, according to court records.
farrar, whose family told police he was suicidal, fired a rifle at a rockford police officer. 
goodner shot a man in the arm and shot at st. petersburg police who were investigating. he told officers to shoot him and he had a history of mental health issues.
pinellas county sheriff's deputies said zemola lunged toward them with a knife. authorities said that zemola had mental health issues.
gomez' wife called 911 to report that gomez was acting paranoid and holding multiple knives. when grand junction police arrived, officers found him holding knives to the necks of his children in a bathtub.
when hackensack police officers went to check on diaz, he brandished a knife. his brother said he struggled with depression.
hackensack police answering a domestic violence call shot peralta-lantigua when he approached an officer with the knife. his mother said he had been depressed and had sought treatment for mental health issues.
briggs attacked his brother and neighbor with a knife before charging at huntsville police officers, who shot him. briggs had mental health issues.
tallant refused a snohomish county deputy's order to drop his gun. the deputy shot tallant, who also shot himself. his wife said he had talked about suicide. 
snohomish county deputies responded to a report of a suicidal man near a truck. after an overnight standoff, cates reached for a gun as swat team members attempted to arrest him.
two new york city police officers responded to a call about an erratic man in the hallway of an apartment building. police said that when they encountered brito, they asked for his identification. brito then grabbed a metal baton from one of the two officers and began hitting them, police said.
a putnam county sheriff's deputy shot davis after he threw a knife at him and then pulled a second knife out from his vehicle. davis was a disabled veteran and had mental problems, the sheriff said.
pappe who was behaving erratically was shot by grants pass police officers when he refused to drop a knife.
greece police fought with ladd in a mall parking lot, and an officer was dragged alongside the car. ladd's family had reported him as suicidal.
rochester police responded to a 911 call from a man who said another man was threatening him with a shotgun. when officers arrived, vitullo fired shots at police leading to a standoff with a swat team.
when the car stopped, martinez threatened officers with a gun. he and his brother, found dead in the car, had talked about suicide.
neal, barricaded in his home, told andover and bynam police officers to shoot him and pointed a shotgun at an officer.
santa maria police responded to a report that a man was threatening to harm himself outside a grocery store. police said that when they arrived, they found gaona holding a knife to his own throat. police attempted to negotiate with him and use less-than-lethal force. police said he charged at officers with the knife.
lompoc police were called to a laundromat to investigate reports about a man who was threatening customers. police said that giles fled the business and that when officers approached him on a nearby bike path, he brandished a knife.
he pointed a rifle at santa cruz county deputies called to investigate a family fight. in the past, police had obtained mental health evaluations on hurtado.
a homeowner called 911 to report a man banging on his door and threatening to kill everyone inside. when santa cruz police arrived, the man attacked officers with a rake.
police were called to a liquor store where nevels was suspected of theft and was acting suicidal. he charged at midland police officers with a box cutter.
marshall's wife called police because he was threatening to shoot himself and her. he approached a woodland police officer with his gun.
kent threatened cowlitz county sheriff's deputies and a kelso police officer with a chain saw. his family told investigators that he was schizophrenic and had stopped taking medication.
hummons called 911 and then shot and killed a cincinnati police officer who responded. a second officer fatally shot hummons, who wanted to be killed by police.
police were chasing tenbrink, a suspect in two armed robberies. he pointed a pellet gun at officers. his brother said he suffered from depression.
new york police were responding to a call about an "emotionally disturbed" person. police said the officer entered danner's apartment and found her naked and holding a pair of scissors. police said she dropped the scissors and then grabbed a baseball bat and attempted to hit the officer. danner had a history of mental illness, according to her family and police.
columbia police received a report that phillips was suicidal. when officers stopped his vehicle, he pointed a gun at them.
kokomo police said haendiges pointed an air gun at a convenience store clerk and an officer during a robbery attempt. her family said that she struggled with mental illness.
a tulare county deputy and a farmsville police officer were attempting to arrest rodriguez on a warrant. he tried to grab the deputy's gun and fought officers. his family said he had bipolar disorder.
lanphier fired at hobbs police who were responding to a report of a suicidal person. lanphier's roommate also died in the shootout, apparently struck by lanphier's gunfire.
wicks refused to drop an assault rifle when richmond county sheriff's deputies, who were called to his home, came inside. his family told police wicks had been suffering from mental health issues.
waddel displayed a knife to paramedics who were  responding to a 911 call about his well-being. waddel then went into a nearby store, where weatherford police confronted him. his family said he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
tahlequah police answered a domestic disturbance call and found rollice in a garage. police said that he grabbed a claw hammer and lunged at officers.
laport, who was reported to be suicidal, fired a shotgun at saratoga county sheriff's deputies after a long standoff at his home.
after buckley's wife called brockton police, saying her husband was threatening to burn their home, police found him armed with two bb guns that closely resembled a handgun and a rifle. his wife said he suffered from depression.
johnson fired a crossbow at west virginia state police officers and summers county deputies answering a call about a hostage situation at his home. police said he may have been suicidal.
esty-lennon crashed his car into a bridge. when officers with the haverhill police department responded, he pulled out a knife and lunged at officers.
velega-nuufolau stood in a neighbor's driveway screaming for someone to call 911. when a merced county sheriff's deputy arrived, she threatened him with a knife. police said she was a veteran and had mental health problems.
multiple law enforcement agencies responded to reports that a man was shooting into homes. police said the man, later identified as hyde, went into a residence and then came back outside, shooting at officers. a mills police officer returned fire, killing him.
siskiyou county sheriff's deputies responded to a call from a man who said he was injured but refused to say how. the man, who had a self-inflicted wound, acted erratically and threatening to siskiou deputies.
beverly police were called to investigate a report of a  suicidal person. the man drove his vehicle into two police cruisers.
kailing charged at a michigan state trooper, who had responded to a report that a car had struck a house. his aunt said he had just been released from psychiatric treatment.
abdulazeez opened fire at a military recruiting center and a reserve center, killing four marines and wounding three other people.
tukwila police responded to a car crash and realized one driver had been shot. officers located the shooter. martelli emerged from an apartment building after a standoff and fired a shotgun at officers. his mother said that he had a mental illness.
auburn police were called about a man breaking windows and lights in a neighborhood. when police arrived, ell threatened the officer. ell's family said he had an untreated mental illness.
federal way police officers were called to investigate a report of domestic violence involving two brothers. when officers arrived, hernandez told police he was suicidal. police said that he moved toward officers while armed with a knife.
king county deputies went to davis's home to check on her well-being after someone reported that she was suicidal. when deputies arrived, she was holding a gun.
two fort collins police officers, called to find an intoxicated and suicidal man, shot wheat 11 times when he refused to drop a kitchen steak knife.
bartow county deputies responded to a domestic disturbance call. abernathy came out of the house with a long gun and pointed it at deputies, yelling at them to shoot him.
placer county police responded to reports of woman who had been posting suicidal messages on facebook. when they arrived at the home, satre pulled out a .38-caliber handgun and ignored orders to drop her weapon. 
lincoln police said that millard advanced toward an officer while holding a knife. millard had posted a video online claiming that people were trying to kill him.
decatur county sheriff's deputies responded to a report of a suicidial man. when they arrived at braswell's home, he met them at the back door, firing his gun. 
dentmond told 911 dispatchers he was walking around an apartment complex with an assault rifle and was suicidal. when alachua county deputies and gainesville police encountered the teen, he ignored orders to drop the weapon. authorities later determined the rifle was a replica.
shreveport police were investigating reported purse-snatchings when they began pursuing ibrahim, who led them on a car chase. after he crashed his car, he exited the vehicle and pointed a gun at officers. he suffered from schizophrenia, according to his family.
officers from the terrebonne parish sheriff's office and the houma police department were pursuing falgout in his vehicle when he climbed out with the gun. investigators later found his gun to be a bb gun.
a terrebonne parish sheriff's deputy was checking on henry, who was homeless and had been sleeping in his car. henry shot himself in the chest and then turned the gun on the officer, who shot him.
dunne was shot by las cruces police after a standoff at a hotel. dunne had told police that he was considering suicide. dunne was a veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, according to news reports.
logan police and cache county deputies were called because barker was suicidal. after a standoff, barker came to the door and shot at officers, who returned fire and killed him.
roswell officers were investigating reports of a man driving erratically. when guerin got out of his pickup truck, he was armed with a shotgun. guerin's family reported he had been suicidal in the days before the shooting.
parole officers were attempting to serve a warrant on ruble at his home. he barricaded himself in his garage and threatened to shoot muncie police officers and to kill himself. ruble told police officers his gun was real, although it was found later to be a pellet gun.
muncie police answered a 911 call about a 15-year-old girl with stab wounds. police said that when two officers found the suspect, he wielded a knife and refused to drop it.
he was sought by champaign police as a suspect in a robbery. he refused to come out of his motel room and threatened to hurt himself and harm police.
fresno police officers responded to a report of a man with a shotgun. marchese pointed the gun at officers and refused to drop it. the weapon was a replica.
centeno pointed what appeared to be a gun at police.  the weapon was later determined to be a hose nozzle.
ekizian burglarized a home and stabbed a relative at another. he attacked a fresno police officer who responded to the scene. family members said he had a history of mental health issues.
fresno police were searching for a man reportedly walking in the street with a rifle when they noticed a truck speeding nearby and attempted to pull it over. noble got out of the truck and reached behind his back, police said.
spokane police answered a call about a suicidal man near a homeless shelter. officers found kurtz holding a knife to his chest. police said he walked toward officers holding the knife.
tompkins' mother called ardmore police because her son was suicidal and had ingested rat poison. when officers arrived at their home, tompkins pulled out a handgun.
officers from the pittston police department encountered quinn, who was on a motorized scooter, waving a handgun in front of his apartment building. he refused to drop the weapon, which was later determined to be a  pellet gun.
odessa police were responding to reports of a suicidal man. meador brandished a handgun as officers tried to negotiate with him.
sylvania police officers were called to a residence to investigate a report that holup was on the roof shooting a gun. when police arrived, holup was in a vehicle and struck one of the officers with it. holup's family told police had struggled with mental illness.
hale died after an encounter with a stevens county sheriff's deputy who was looking for a man with a gun outside a shelter for fire evacuees. the police had been called to investigate reports of a suicidal person.
baker exchanged gunshots with haywood county deputies and local police outside a church. police were answering a call about gun fire. baker's family said he was suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
gerken opened fire on the washington county sheriff's deputies who responded to a 911 call at his home.
he ran at a tuscaloosa police officer holding a spoon and struggled with him. the officer was answering a call about an assault.
baranishyn called new york state police to tell them he was suicidal. when officers arrived, baranishyn rushed at them with knives.
hartnett's family members had called the police to report that he was suicidal. hartnett lunged toward little egg harbor police officers with a knife.
shine called manchester township police and said he was having suicidal thoughts. when the police arrived, shine moved toward the officers while holding a knife, officials said.
pasco county deputies answered a 911 call placed by his girlfriend, who appeared to have been assaulted. st. germain threatened to shoot them and refused to leave his house. he lunged at deputies with a knife after tear gas and stun grenades were ineffective against him.
dodd was standing on a ledge of a bridge and eventually pulled a gun from his pocket. a hendersonville police officer shot dodd in the leg and he fell to the road below. dodd was reportedly suicidal.
authorities were called to investigate a report that a man was in the road acting erratically. when mercer county deputies responded, stanley pulled what appeared to be a handgun from his waistband. the gun turned out to be a replica firearm.
mitchell police were called to investigate a disturbance at a home. the officer struggled with meyer over a gun, shooting him with the weapon. police said he was making suicidal statements.
merrimack police officers were called to a residence after lambert threatened his father with a knife. officers shot lambert when he lunged at them with the knife. lambert had a history of mental illness according to his family.
police said they shot lesko after a short car chase. court records show that he had mental health and substance abuse issues. lane pointed what was later found to be a bb gun at the officers.
durham police responded to the report of a suicidal man at an intersection. briggs, who had been released from jail earlier that morning, refused to drop his weapon. the weapon was later found to be an airsoft gun.
zollo called 911 and threatened suicide. when upper darby police officers found him in the parking lot of his apartment, he charged at them with a knife. police and family said he struggled with mental health issues.
washington county deputies were called to hammen's house because he was suicidal. when they returned hours later to investigate a fire, hammen approached officers with a propane torch and handgun.
pond creek police were responding to a report that  butler was acting erratically and trying to enter a residence. when officers attempted to speak with butler, he shot and wounded the pond creek police chief. his nephew said that he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and was a veteran.
lawrence county sheriff's deputies began pursuing the vehicle gunderman was driving because it was reported stolen. gunderman ran from the vehicle and shot at deputies. he made suicidal statements.
a washington county deputy encountered beech as he sat inside his vehicle. beech pointed a gun at the deputy.
monterey police responded to a call about a man with a gun on a public walkway. investigators said miller had mental health issues.
smith shot and killed an okaloosa county sheriff's deputy who was serving him with a restraining order. smith fled to a motel and died in a shootout with deputies. his wife said he was being treated for mental health issues.
okaloosa county deputies responded to a report that fletcher was threatening someone with a bat and beating the his girlfriend. fletcher attacked the deputies and got one of their guns.
shasta county sheriff's deputies were checking on the welfare of torngren, who had sent suicidal letters to his daughter.
bukwich shot a gun into the air  and entered a standoff with redding police officers. sheriff's records showed that he suffered from mental health problems.
colorado springs police responded to a domestic disturbance call about a man with a gun. ott aimed what turned out to be an air rifle at officers and approached them.
deputies from walker county and catoosa county sheriff's departments responded to a report of a shooting. alegre had reportedly shot at a propane company employee. after a standoff, a swat team entered alegre's home and exchanged gunfire with him.
mcmillan was in a parking garage smashing out car windows with an ax. a university of north texas campus police officer shot mcmillan when he advanced toward the officer with the ax.
hicks shot and wounded another man outside of a homeless shelter. when a rapid city police officer arrived, hicks turned toward him with the gun. hicks had a history of depression, according to police.
muscle shoals and sheffield police responded to a report of a man with a gun who was threatening suicide. the man fled on foot and then shot at officers.
palm beach county deputies responded to a report of a man threatening to kill himself and his family. whidden lunged at deputies with a knife when they tried to arrest him.
comanche county deputies responded to a report of a suicidal person. swatsky, who was armed, walked toward deputies and pointed a gun toward them.
york police officers responded to reports of a man threatening people with a knife. police said that williams refused their orders to drop the weapon.
a suicidal man was shot by brawley police officers when he refused to drop his knife.
muskingum county sheriff's deputies were responding to a domestic violence call. the man held his girlfriend and her children hostage and fired shots inside the home.
bigley fatally shot a woman and then fled in a car from skiatook police. when he crashed into a ditch, bigley pulled out a gun. police said he was suicidal.
berkeley county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a woman firing a gun. lemieux pointed a gun at deputies who arrived. neighbors said she had told them earlier in the day that she wanted to die.
anson county deputies responded to a request to check on the welfare of penny's girlfriend. he shot at deputies. penny's family told police that he had struggled with mental health issues in the past.
medical personnel responded to a call for a man possibly suffering a stroke. anson county deputies were called when horne became combative. after they arrived, he pointed a rifle at them. his family said he had alzheimer‰Ûªs.
aiken county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports that keenan had threatened to shoot people. when deputies arrived, he refused orders to drop his weapons. keenan suffered from a bipolar disorder.
manatee county deputies encountered stoddart outside his home when they responded to reports of a domestic disturbance. stoddart was threatening to kill himself and had cut his wrists. he rushed toward the officers with a knife.
paulding county sheriff's deputies and social workers were trying to remove tarrant's infant son from his home when he pointed a gun at deputies. tarrant's wife said he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder related to his years in the military.
reno police responded to a report of a traffic accident and that one of the men involved was holding a knife to his own throat. an officer shot alvarado-morales as police intervened.
porter called reno police and said that he had a gun and was suicidal. porter pointed the weapon at police, and officers from several departments opened fire.
albany county deputies were investigating a report of a suicidal man inside a truck in a ski area. when they located him, he exited his truck and charged at them with a knife.
mayes county sheriff's deputies responded to reports of a suicidal man. echols opened fire on deputies with a rifle.
officers from the stroud area regional police department were called to walmart, where todd was threatening customers with two handguns and a machete. he refused officers' commands to drop the weapons.
portage county sheriff's deputies were called to investigate a domestic disturbance. yon refused deputies' orders to drop the machete he was holding. his family told authorities that he has been struggling with depression.
taos county sheriff's deputies were called to martinez's home to investigate a domestic disturbance. he was holding a gun when the deputies arrived. it was later found that the gun martinez was holding was a pellet gun.
amarillo police responded to reports of a suicidal person. ramirez met officers at the door of his home, holding a gun. 
noel's family called the st. martin parish sheriff's department  to request help with noel, who was suffering a mental health crisis.  noel resisted as deputies attempted to handcuff him.
wayne county sheriff's deputies went to degroat's home after someone reported that he was armed with a gun and suicidal.
police were called to check on grenon's welfare, which led to a five-hour standoff at his apartment. when burlington police officers entered the bathroom where grenon was located, he refused to drop the knife. building residents told police that grenon had been experiencing "mental health issues."
hernando county sheriff's deputies went to schlosser's residence to check on his well-being. a home health care nurse reported that he was talking about suicide and had a gun in the house with him.
norfolk police responded to a report of a domestic disturbance involving richardson, who had barricaded himself inside his home. after seven hours, he exited the home and shot a police dog that attacked him. his daughter later told police she believed richardson was struggling with mental illness.
norfolk police were called to the home after a man reported that he was being held captive. the man fled, but police were told another man was inside with a gun. after a standoff, wakup, who was inside the house, shot at police, who returned fire.
norfolk police said they entered a residence to investigate a disturbance. police said that james lunged at an officer with a knife. his family said that he had been struggling with mental health issues.
cle elum police responded to a call about a suicidal person. when officers knocked on meehan's motel room door, he pointed a gun at them.
norris robbed a eufaula bank, fatally shooting one employee and wounding another. he took a woman hostage and fled from officers in a vehicle, exchanging gunfire with them during the chase. he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia, according to police.
loudoun county sheriff's deputies were attempting to arrest vandarack on a warrant alleging statutory rape. vandarack brandished a realistic-looking air soft pistol without an orange tip. the district attorney said that he had planned suicide to avoid incarceration.
a marion county deputy answered a 911 call about a man inside a vehicle with guns. when the deputy spoke with with dubrino, he said he wanted to kill himself and police. after a standoff, dubrino shot at officers. a deputy was shot in the leg during the exchange.
harford county deputies responded to a report of a person who was suicidal. after a standoff, bradley came out of the residence and charged toward a deputy.
law enforcement officials were called after bertoni shot a neighbor in the face during a dispute. he barricaded himself in a home and opened fire on henderson county deputies.
maiden police responded to a call about a man cutting himself. officers found jackson bloodied and holding a knife in a bathroom. he ignored commands to drop the knife and lunged at officers.
syracuse police responded to a complaint about drug dealing. they encountered ridgeway, who was carrying a sawed-off shotgun. she refused officers' orders to drop the gun. ridgeway had been recently admitted to a hospital for a bipolar condition.
fairfield police responded to a 911 call from andrew's daughter. he had attacked his wife and children with a baseball bat and stabbed them. he had also injured himself with a knife. when officers arrived, andrews lunged at an officer.
stamford police were called to investigate a report of a disturbance. after several hours of negotiations with swat team officers, pape emerged with a fake gun and police shot him near his home.
park county sheriff's deputies were trying to evict wirth and entered his home. he fired a rifle at them, killing one deputy and injuring two others.
ford shot and killed three people at the excel industries lawn mower plant before he was killed by a harvey county sheriff's deputy. ford had been served with a restraining order in the days before the shooting.
roanoke county police officers were responding to reports of an armed man in a walgreen's parking lot. spencer refused officers' commands to drop his weapon, which police later determined was a bb gun. police said that he had a history of mental illness.
state police suspected bosell had stolen a .45-caliber handgun and notified cheektowaga police of his location. bosell pointed a gun at the officer who found him in a hotel parking lot.
beaumont police were responding to a call about the location of a man suspected of stealing a car. when they approached the home, ballance came outside and confronted officers.
butler county sheriff's deputies responded to a report that moore was sitting in his vehicle, pointing a rifle out the window. when moore emerged from the vehicle, he brandished the gun at deputies. his family said he had been struggling with a mental condition.
goodman called police and said he was suicidal and armed. when clinton police and dewitt county sheriff's deputies arrived, he approached them with a butcher's knife.
greensboro police went to tokazowski's home to investigate a report of a domestic disturbance. he met officers at the door with a gun and exchanged gunfire with police during a standoff. tokazowski's family told authorities he had a history of mental illness and the evening he was shot, they were trying to get him involuntarily admitted to the hospital.
burnsville police were called to a report of a suspicious person in a mcdonald's parking lot. kong refused to drop his weapon. an autopsy revealed he had taken methamphetamine and court records show he had mental health issues.
eagan police were called to investigate reports of a man shooting a gun outside of an apartment building. police exchanged gunfire with kulhanek-derks, who was shooting from inside of a car. kulhanek-derks had expressed he was fighting suicidal thoughts in the days before the incident.
burnsville police said the man was reported to be suicidal. police said that when officers approached the man, he had a gun.
hopewell police responded to a 911 call about ballard, who had stabbed his daughter's boyfriend. he approached officers while holding two knives and yelled at police to shoot him.
gorinski threatened his parents in telephone calls. when a pennsylvania state trooper attempted to confront gorinski, he fled on foot and attempted to steal a woman's car at gunpoint. he ignored the trooper's commands to drop the rifle. he had just been released from prison and had been treated for mental health issues.
officers were called to blackburn's house because his family believed he was suicidal. blackburn was shot and killed by a grundy police officer during a confrontation.
montgomery county sheriff's deputies were investigating reports of a suicidal man. ashby pointed a gun at them and refused to drop it.
aitkin county sheriff's deputies were called to check on the her well-being. fairchild, who was suicidal, refused to drop her weapon and fired at the deputies.
caldwell county deputies were searching for a man suspected of burglarizing a residence. a deputy confronted juarez behind a dairy queen. he was armed with a shovel, according to law enforcement.
auburn police responded to a call reporting a suicidal person driving on the highway. police followed the boart's vehicle until she pulled over. when she climbed out of the vehicle, boarts threatened officers with a weapon, police said.
west springfield officers were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance. doherty, who was suspected of stabbing his wife to death, lunged toward officers with a knife.
rotterdam police responded to a call about a man with a knife. clark slashed at officers with the knife, injuring one on the head.
during a traffic stop, mcpherson deputies attempted to arrest robertson on a warrant. when he resisted, a deputy used a stun gun on robertson, but it had to no effect, authorities said. robertson struck one deputy in the face and attacked a second one. family members said he had a mental illness.
authorities said that ortiz brandished a knife and lunged at a washington county sheriff's deputy. a suicide note was found in his backpack after he was shot by the deputy.
the woman's caregiver called 911 and reported that campbell was suicidal. when henderson county deputies arrived to check on her welfare, she pulled out a gun and shot at them.
deputies from the crockett county sheriff's department were executing a search warrant at a residence. while they were there, branch entered the home with a weapon.
weirton police were responding to a domestic disturbance call. williams had allegedly threatened to harm himself with a knife. when he encountered three officers, he brandished a gun in their direction.
a texas state trooper and a nacogdoches sherrif's deputy were responding to the scene of a reported assault. stotts fled on a motorcycle and officers followed him to his home, where he pointed a rifle at them.
darosa stabbed two people to death at a mall and attacked several others. he was shot and killed by an off-duty plymouth county sheriff's deputy. darosa's family told police he had been struggling with psychiatric issues.
pontotoc county deputies answered a call about a suicidal man. when deputies arrived, godfrey shot at a patrol vehicle with a rifle and then fled in his vehicle. after a short chase, he crashed the vehicle and ran into a wooded area, authorities said. when he emerged, he threatened to kill the deputies.
johnson was shot by members of the henry county swat team after a domestic disturbance led to a standoff at his home. johnson's family said that he suffered from anxiety.
tucker called a hospital and said that he was in severe pain and was going to kill himself. a marquette deputy arrived and attempted to calm tucker, who eventually pointed a shotgun at the deputy.
the man brandished an assault-style weapon at williams county sheriff's deputies who came to check on him. health-care professionals believed anderson was suicidal.
a cleveland county sheriff's deputy shot cruz-amado after a physical altercation. the deputy had been called to cruz-amado's home to check on his mental stability.
witnesses told police that chavez-angles carjacked a vehicle and then fled on foot. police said that he boarded a bus. when police approached him on the bus, he grabbed one of the officer's guns and was shot by the other officer.
jackson county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance at mauer's home. authorities said he brandished a baseball bat at officers.
boone police officers were responding to reports of a man waving a gun and threatening people. disbrowe refused orders to drop his weapon. police later determined that the gun was a realistic air-soft gun.
authorities said that labit, who they say had stabbed two women, moved toward iberia parish sheriff's deputies while holding a knife. labit's family told police he had been struggling with mental illness.
middletown police were responding to reports of a domestic disturbance at dinneny's home. police said that he threatened to shoot himself and officers with a weapon that turned out to be a pellet gun.
clay county sheriff's deputies responded to reports of a suicidal man in his home. authorities said that after a  standoff, smith emerged from the residence and pointed a gun at officers.
clay county sheriff's deputies were responding to reports of a suicidal man. when deputies arrived, altice brandished a gun and refused orders to drop it.
gallup police responded to calls about a man threatening people with knives.when officers located sylversmythe in an alley, he was armed.
elmore county sheriff's deputies said conrad led them on a chase in a stolen pickup. when he stopped, he fled on foot and then pointed a gun at deputies. conrad's girlfriend said he was trying to commit "suicide by cop."
loudoun county sheriff's deputies were responding to a report about a domestic disturbance. deputies said that after they arrived, wood advanced on them while holding a knife. his family told police that wood had complained of hearing voices through a microchip in his brain.
police said quealy said that he wanted law enforcement officers to kill him and shot at a deputy. dodge county sheriff's deputies and beaver dam police returned fire, killing him.
jennings threatened to shoot himself and his wife and pointed his gun at richland county sheriff's deputies. he shot himself, then turned the gun toward deputies again and was shot. jennings, a veteran, had been struggling with ptsd.
police said martinez, who had just been discharged from the hospital, struck a security guard with a metal sign post. a fairfax county deputy tried to speak with martinez but he lunged at the officer with the post. police said martinez was having a "mental episode."
fulton was shot by swat team members after a lengthy standoff. when fulton came out of his apartment, he began shooting at deputies.
knight was shot by new london police officers on patrol when he pointed his weapon in the officers' direction. police later determined the gun was a plastic toy gun.
a man dropped off a package at a gas station that indicated he was suicidal. the store clerk called police, and when rutherford county deputies and other law enforcement arrived at ryan's house, he began firing. one deputy was shot in the leg.
cache county deputies, who were called to check on a suicidal man, found swenson threatening a woman. he refused orders to drop his weapon.
wood county sheriff's deputies were called to lafon's residence after he was reported to be suicidal. deputies said that when they entered the home, he pointed a gun at officers.
lafont was shot after claremont police were called to a residence. lafont's mother said he had a long struggle with depression.
the pulaski county sheriff's office said white was behaving erratically and refused to drop his weapon.
two michigan state troopers and a mackinac county deputy went to a residence to check on the well being of a suicidal person. authorities said that bruning met them at the door with a handgun.
benton police responded to a domestic disturbance call at a home. schweikle had run into a wooded area nearby with a gun. when officers found him, he refused to drop the gun and pointed it at them. family members said that he was suicidal.
a shelby county deputy answered a call from dorough's family about a domestic disturbance. the sheriff's office said that when the deputy arrived, dorough charged at the officer. dorough's family said that he suffered from mental illness.
pennsylvania law enforcement officers shot kirk when he threatened people at a hospital with a knife.
west virginia state police went to newcomb's home to check on his welfare at the request of his family. state police said that he threatened troopers with a hammer.
police went to young's home to check on his well-being. authorities said he attacked officers with an ax and baseball bat.
authorities said that white stabbed an employee at a behavioral health center. he was shot and killed by jackson police, who responded to the attack.
hendricks county sheriff's deputies responded to king's residence to investigate a 911 call. authorities said that king lunged toward deputies with a knife. king had been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
ward was creating a disturbance at his home and told his parents he was suicidal. when pennsylvania state police arrived, ward moved toward the officers with a knife. he died a week after he was shot.
forks township police responded to a call from by macintosh's family. when officers encountered him in his back yard, he ignored commands to drop a machete and a gun, authorities said.
york police were called to a hospital where case was reportedly threatening staff with a knife. police said he refused to drop the knife and lunged at officers. officers said they attempted to use a taser and pepper spray on case before shooting him. case's family told police he had struggled with mental illness for years.
at least one, possibly two, bend police officers shot and killed jacques when the he resisted arrest during a traffic stop for drunken and reckless driving, after use of a taser failed to subdue him.
minor was drinking and involved in a domestic dispute. when officers arrived they thought minor had a gun and did not comply with officer's orders. minor was shot and killed. minor did not have a weapon on him.
three dallas police officers contacted a man in the wal-mart parking lot for a dui related incident when gunfire was exchanged. one officer was shot in the leg. the suspect was also shot and killed.
police were called to hawaiian paradise park for a suicidal, armed man. police say medeiros struggled with one police officer over a .45 caliber gun. when the handgun was pointed at that officer, another officer fired one shot killing medeiros.
police were called because a man was smoking pot near a bus stop.a struggle happened and both the suspect and the officer were shot.
kinsey was stopped by police after he allegedly tried to rob a motel patron, and was found making boxing motions in a nearby street. after struggling with the officer, kinsey was shot after charging at the officer. hotel guests say they saw the man hanging around overnight. they say he stood around for hours and didn't seem a bother to anyone. they wonder if whatever happened here could have gone differently. "he was just cold and homeless and innocent. i'm thinking he was really mentally ill," said eyewitness robbie meraz.
moore fired shots into ceiling at terminal b at bush intercontinental airport. a department of homeland security officer shot him, before moore shot himself in the head.
police suspected the driver and passenger, scott, of having pot. as scott was being searched, he pulled a gun, shot himself, and then was shot and killed by police.
florence pd called to assist muscle shoals pd after jones shot and wounded his sister christy jones gregory. colbert county coroner carlton utley aid jones was angry over being denied an immediate appointment at a mental health facility wednesday.
officers responded to a call about a man threatening suicide. when they arrived gilbert charged at officers with a knife, stabbing one officer in the vest. gilbert started walking away, and officers went after him asking him to put down the knife. he ran at the officers again with the knife and was shot twice.
a 16-year-old boy was riding his bike and shooting at people. police shot and killed him.
beard was standing in his mother's backyard and told officers he wanted to be shot by police. during the negotiation with investigators, two sapd officers shot beard. paramedics were called, but beard died at the scene.
according to police, carter pulled out his handcuffs after ordering redus to put his hands on his vehicle. a scuffle then began between the two, with redus grabbing carter‰Ûªs baton and hitting him. ‰ÛÏhe warned robert redus four times, 'stop or i'll shoot,‰Ûª‰Ûª‰Ûª alamo heights chief richard pruitt told today. ‰ÛÏofficer carter stated that robert redus then charged at him with his arm raised as if to strike him, and that's when he fired his weapon six times, striking robert redus five times.‰Û
san antonio police shot and killed a suicidal security guard who had assaulted his former girlfriend, staged a traffic accident to cover it up, then refused to come out of his house. after four hours, he rushed out at swat officers armed with a rifle, so they shot and killed him.
brown was threatening suicide when she walked out of her home with a rifle. she pointed it at an officer. officer(s) fired. brown later died at the hospital from her wounds.
carnan murdered his mother, set her home ablaze and left on a tractor attempting to shoot down passing bicyclists. officers responding to the scene were fired upon by carnan, and subsequently returned fire and fatally struck carnan.
rosales allegedly had been drinking heavily on christmas eve, and brandishing two handguns, took shots at his girlfriend and other family members. no one was injured. neighbors called police, and when they arrived, rosales began firing at them. police returned fire and killed rosales. police video footage confirms police account of this fatal encounter. police chief declared shooting justified.
boston ems and boston police responded to an apartment after a mother called 911 reporting her emotionally disturbed 31-year-old son was out of control. police said the man was suffering from paranoia and schizophrenia. while trying to help the man, a struggle ensued and the man armed himself with a knife. officers ran in to assist, and police said the man swung repeatedly at the officers and emts as they struggled to get the knife away. after failed attempts to disarm the man, he was shot and killed.
after a 50-mile chase across three counties and a short foot chase, holmgren was shot and killed.
bandy's girlfriend called 911 for a domestic dispute. police were told he was intoxicated, removed her from the house, and tried to talk him out for 4+ hours. witnesses say tear gas and possibly stun grenades were used. when bandy began shooting from the house, police (possibly a sniper) shot at him multiple times.
victim was intoxicated and armed only with a broken bottle. officers tasered larry which had no effect and then they opened fire shooting him several times. i was unable to determine exactly how many times he was shot. he died at harborview medical center
in seattle, washington, on the ship canal bridge on interstate 5 southbound, jonathan k. whitehead, 33, died from multiple gunshot wounds after he lunged at police with a knife who were forced to shoot him as a deadly threat. he skidded his chevy s10 pickup sideways to a stop across the 2 center lanes, appearing insane and agitated, and drew a large green circle with spray paint across 2 lanes after setting his truck on fire. after he was shot, they found improvised molotov cocktail fire bombs in his truck. the freeway was closed for several hours. his mother later said that he was painting a circle of "truth", and was hooked on prescription methadone. and believes her son was going through drug withdrawal. ‰ÛÏit wasn't so much that he was coming after the officers-- as protecting himself to stay in the circle of truth.‰Û her son had been struggling with drug use to combat pain since he beat leukemia at a very young age.
law was allegedly drunk, fighting a homeless man and pointing a gun at passing cars when officers arrived to his location. law was shot after pointing the gun, later revealed as fake, at the officers.
suspect was pointing a gun at neighbors- when officers were called there was a several hour standoff that ended in reuter being shot multiple times. reuter suffered from bipolar disorder and lymphoma, and his parents are lobbying washington state lawmakers to restrict access to guns for the mentally ill.
despondent over a friend's recent death, family members called police to protect thomas' child. police shot him when he tried to pull the child back into the house.
police were answering a domestic violence dispute between subject and his father.
officers were looking to arrest a man on outstanding warrants near an apartment complex when they saw scott in his car allegedly "rolling a blunt" and with a gun, according to authorities. after he got out of his car, police shot him a he walked slowly backwards with his arms by his sides.
family members were in the process of getting a mental hygiene petition in roane county for cottrell, due to the fact that he was a threat to himself and others. cottrell was encountered by police driving south on route 14 near spencer. a vehicle pursuit ensued. the pursuit ended, and cotrell pointed a firearm at the officers and was shot and killed.
police were called for a suicidal person. there was a gun battle and a deputy was injured while rodick was killed.
[escovedo] was wielding a steak knife when he confronted one of the deputies and was shot and killed.
fuentes was shot and killed by los angeles police department west valley division officers after they responded to a radio call of a man cutting himself with a knife. police saw a man holding a knife to his own neck. they said he ignored officers‰Ûª commands to stop cutting himself and to drop the knife. at one point, the man ‰ÛÏbecame aggressive‰Û toward the officers, police have said, so they shot and killed him.
deputies received a call of a possibly suicidal man with a gun, according to a news release from the sheriff‰Ûªs office. when deputies arrived, spargur allegedly pointed a gun at them and a deputy shot and killed him.
police responded to a call about a home robbery. when they arrived at the residence they were attacked by a neighbor who had broken into the home and killed the owner's dog and vandalized his home. after the victim came after police with a crowbar and a knife they shot him. the neighbor and the victim had an ongoing feud lasting nearly 10 years.
lapd says that on aug. 11, shortly after 8:10 p.m., two anti-gang officers shot ford after a struggle ensued during an "investigative stop" and they claim that ford tried to grab one of their firearms. witnesses disputed the police story.
hunter refused to pull over after possibly driving intoxicated. he then reportedly grabbed for a gun. officers then shot and killed hunter. later, it was found that hunter did not shoot a gun but rather the officer did, prompting another officer to shoot hunter. "my son is no angel, but he didn't carry a gun and he didn't deserve to die like this," said hunter's mother, martha willis.
two deputies responded to a 911 "attempted suicide" report. palencia-cruz was allegedly in a kitchen holding a long metal knife-like object, and threatened them. deputies say they repeatedly told him to drop it, that he refused and threw it near their heads. he then allegedly grabbed another long metal object that resembled a knife, pointed it at them and advanced toward them. they shot him an unspecified amount of times. witness jose munoz states he heard arguing outside, then "a couple gunshots."
officers responding to a call of a man trying to kill himself arrived to find pedraza attempting suicide with a knife. pedraza was tasered to no effect and fatally shot after confronting police with a knife.
police received a call that a man with a spear, pettersen, was running wildly in and out of freeway traffic. police first shot pettersen after he struck a car with the "spear." pettersen then approached them with a knife and police shot and killed him. petersen, a veteran diagnosed with ptsd, was in his underwear and the "spear" turned out to be a hockey stick. in may 2014, pettersen's son filed a civil rights lawsuit against los angeles county.
beaird, a national guard veteran, was pursued by lapd and other officers during a lengthy high-speed chase that ended in a collision near downtown los angeles. the unarmed beaird stumbled out of the car and was later shot by pursuing officers. beaird's family won a $5 million civil suit against the city for beaird's death.
deputies initially responded to a call that aguilar was drunk and acting violent but left after determining the family could take care of the situation. after receiving another call, deputies returned to find aguilar had cut the neck of his aunt with a steak knife, and first tasered then shot the 21-year-old.
two female deputies were called to the scene at an assisted living home where a man was disturbing residents. the man was incoherent and foaming at the mouth. he hit one deputy in the head and knocked the other into a stone fountain. he reached for one of the deputy's guns, at which point she shot and killed him.
when deputies responded to a "suicidal man with a gun‰Û call at a home, graham reportedly emerged from a garage area holding a rifle. he reportedly refused to follow commands, and would not drop the rifle. when he reportedly pointed the rifle at deputies, they shot him.
quintero was fatally shot by an off-duty california state university, los angeles officer after getting into a confrontation allegedly over the volume of quintero's music. quintero was armed at the time of the shooting.
officers from the san fernando police department were responding to a call regarding a possible battery assault call for service. police say corrales attacked at least one of them with a tree branch, instead hitting the officer‰Ûªs patrol vehicle. the officer attempted to use a taser but it had no effect due to the layers of clothing the suspect was wearing. the man again approached the police officer, who shot and killed him.
officers reported that they responded to a call that a man was threatening a woman to get money from her, and when they arrived at the scene de la torre was standing in the middle of the street with his hand in a bag. he didn't obey orders to stop or take his hands away from the bag, and officers shot him to death. there was a folding chair inside the bag, instead of a gun. de la torre was reported to struggle with mental illness and substance abuse.
called to a report of a woman threatening suicide and shooting into the air, police shot ritchie after she shot her 20-year-old daughter.
kenny stafford was shot and killed by police after walking through a neighborhood with a gun on july 11, 2013. the active duty serviceman was said to be suffering from ptsd and suicidal.
as officers arrived at the home near idlewild park, an officer perceived a threat, pulled his gun and fired, killing david krambs. a woman who was also present was not injured.
mitchell was shooting a gun in his neighborhood. neighbors were fearful and call authorities. when police arrived mitchell was pointing the gun to his head. he then pointed the gun at officers, prompting the officers to shoot and kill mitchell.
ramundo was arguing with his mother. he was willfully off his medication for bi-polar disorder. she called a health care representative who called 9-1-1. he left the house and headed to his favorite bar arlin's bar, which is where cincinnati police caught up with him. five officers struggled with him, including tazering him three times. he raised his gun, fired once, and an officer shot him twice.
deputies attempted to make a traffic stop on a suspect wanted for outstanding warrants when the man fled into scott county, virginia. police said the vehicle came to a stop in the middle of upper possum creek road and the suspect got out of the vehicle pointing a shotgun at hawkins county deputies. he was shot and killed.
police say upshur county dispatchers received a call about a possibly intoxicated man riding a motorcycle on another person‰Ûªs property. the deputy was giving yacabitis a field sobriety test when the incident escalated, according to upshur county sheriff, and yacabitis was shot and killed.
medical distress call prompted officers to arrive. herrera appeared to be intoxicated. one officer shot and killed herrera, it is unknown if there was a threat towards said officer.
larragoitiy was well known in his retirement community as the local "neighborhood watch." he became suicidal after being diagnosed with terminal cancer. he called a neighbor and told her he was sitting in his garage with a gun to his head. she called 911, and three deputies arrived at the garage. larragoitiy pointed a weapon at them, and they open fired, killing him. the weapon turned out to be a bb gun.
rpd‰Ûªs communications bureau received a 911 call about a man, in the front yard of a residence, who had a knife and appeared to be suicidal. patrol officers responded to the location and found jimenez frantically waving a knife and cutting himself. officers tried to get him to drop the knife. while the officers were talking to mr. jimenez, he charged them with the knife still in his hand, and officers shot and killed him.
police were dispatched to the home after a caller reported pike was in the area and had active warrants out of forsyth county. he tried to flee, striking one officer with his car before police killed him. it was his mother who called, trying to get her druggie son some help.
chavez was served an arrest warrant when he pointed a bb gun at a marshal, prompting the marshal to shoot and kill chavez. chavez was on amphetamines at the time.
detective keith sandy and officer dominique perez shot 38-year-old james boyd after apd responded to the copper trailhead after receiving reports of an illegal camper in the sandia foothills.
wood brandished two large knives at police officers at a north valley gas station before being shot as many as six times by apd officers. wood, a vietnam veteran with ptsd, had gunshot wounds in his upper right chest, lower left chest, left stomach, penis, lower back, left buttock and upper left arm, in addition to two to his left forearm.
deputies responded to a call of a suspicious person. shortly thereafter, a vehicle crashed into a residence in the same area. deputies and rescue personnel removed an injured male from the crash who was later determined to be suffering from a gunshot wound. the male victim, who was in his late twenties, was taken to a hospital where he died. officers then located eisenheim, armed with a shotgun and a handgun inside of a vehicle. eventually eisenheim pointed a weapon in their direction. officers shot and killed him.
police officer was visiting his family when his brother (wesley castillo) began fighting with their mother. the fighting escalated and castillo stabbed his brother (police officer). the officer shot and killed his brother.
day was agitated and was threatening his family with a knife. when officers arrived they tried to subdue him with a taser. a police canine then tried to stop him. day then attacked the canine with a machete prompting officers to shoot and kill him day.
john edward chesney, 62, was shot and killed by police in his apartment after an hour long standoff. chesney was said to be suicidal at the time of his death.
michael paul napier was confronted in his parents garage about a drug-related arrest warrant. two deputies opened fire after he reached for his waistband. he was unarmed.
brown was shot after allegedly lunging at a deputy with one of several knifes he was armed with. a female relative said that brown had been taking drugs and drinking the day of his death.
campos threatened to cut his own stomach, then walked toward the officers, who backed away hundreds of feet down nearby trovita court. he refused to drop the knife, and officers used a taser, but he continued forward. they shot campos after he came within 10 feet and charged one of them.
officials identified the woman shot and killed saturday by a san diego police officer after she allegedly stabbed her boyfriend and 9-year-old son and raised the knife at the officer. according to witnesses, she was screaming religious words about judgement day.
a man was stopped because he was walking around with a 6-inch knife. when the officer ordered the weapon be put down twice, the man walked torward the officer. the officer said, "if you do not stop i will shoot." the man replied, "i know." and then the officer fired his weapon.
police said nelson's mother called 911 reporting nelson was armed and suicidal behind the home. coconino county sheriff's office, flagstaff police department and the arizona department of public safety all arrived at the area and tried to convince nelson to surrender his gun. nelson drove his truck to the front of the home and got out of the truck with a high-powered rifle. after more negotiation, nelson pointed the gun at himself, then at officers, which is when ccso deputies shot and killed him.
a south carolina probation officer shot and killed a patient at a chesterfield mental health clinic after the patient attacked a receptionist. freeman was unarmed at the time of the shooting.
unknown man was a veteran diagnosed with ptsd. he called his va psychiatrist to report he was suicidal and mixing alcohol with his meds. psychiatrist called police and asked for a welfare check. police found man in his driveway holding a rifle. when the man allegedly pointed the rifle in their direction, an officer shot and killed the man. (suggest calling aurora pd for man's name, it is not in media reports).
police responded to a disturbance call at a wal-mart where a developmentally disabled woman (shopping with chaperones) had allegedly "armed herself with a hatchet in the sporting goods department" and refused police commands to drop the weapon. instead, she allegedly lunged toward an officer and was shot twice, dying later at nearby hospital.
county police were called to friedman's residence on reports of him being suicidal. efforts to communicate with the victim failed, he reportedly approached officers with a knife in a threatening way, and he was shot to death. one of two similar incidents within four days.
friedman was attempting to commit suicide with a knife. police responded to find he did in fact half self-inflicted stab wounds and shot him after he "confronted them" with said knife.
osorio's mother called 911 after he threatened to kill her and his sister with knives. police attempted to use a tazer, which malfunctioned, to subdue osorio. armed with knives, he charged at officers who then fatally shot him. osorio was reported as being bipolar.
montesano's attempted robbery of a walgreen's turned into a multi-hour manhunt with numerous officers injured before ending in a fatal shootout. montesano and corsini valdes, who were both unarmed, were hit dozens of times as around 23 police officers fired hundreds of rounds into the car.
kaileb was allegedly strangling his girlfriend in the car before the officer fired the lethal shot.
the suspect, martin sanchez-juarez, advanced on glazier with a hammer, after repeated verbal commands to stop. after smashing the passenger-side rear view mirror of a police vehicle with the hammer, glazier fired her pistol, striking sanchez-juarez three times.
stevens, who had a number of outstanding warrants, told family members that he wouldn't turn himself in. after police responded to his home on a call of a domestic disturbance, stevens refused to drop his gun and was shot by police.
coleman's wife lauri coryell reported to 911 that coleman, staying at a motel, had left a suicidal voicemail. officers john nickelson, marcus tennigkeit, jared cooley and breck wright, sgt. vanessa purdy and lt. al byers communicated with him through his door and via phone for several hours. when beyers decided the suicide was imminent, wright battered the door open and they went in with guns and a taser. police state that coleman was allegedly "wielding a knife and a bottle of wild turkey bourbon in a threatening manner, both of which he allegedly swung toward tennigkeit, apparently connecting with the bottle." tennigkeit, nickelson and cooley fired 18 shots, hitting coleman 16 times and killing him. as of 10/14, coryell and other victim families were fighting to have tennigkeit, nickelson, cooley and other oroville officers fired.
deceased reversed car towards an officer, then u-turned vehicle, striking tree and police car. five officers fired on car, stating fear for their lives.
davis, reported to be suicidal, was barricaded inside his home. he posted on facebook that he would "have to go out like billy the kid" and took a hangun and extra magazine outside. he allegedly pointed a gun at barrett and screamed, "i'll do it! i'll [expletive] do it!"
gray was reported in by relative as suicidal, and armed with a gun. when deputies arrived, gray refused to put gun down, and threatened two deputies with gun. gray was shot by deputy white, and transported to yavapai regional medical center, where he later died from his injury.
officer jared willis responded to a report of a suicidal man in the 4800 block hornet drive at about 8:45 p.m. and ultimately shot and killed clay, whom he said had a knife in each hand and charged him with them.
rondon was a sovereign citizen or "freeman" well known to local police. after he violated his parole, three officers came to his house to serve a warrant. he greeted them with a beer in his hand and a rifle. he refused to put the weapon down and instead aimed it at one of the officers. the other two officers shot and killed rondon. rondon's rifle misfired, according to police.
striffler was shot after brandishing a gun in the traffic circle outside courthouse after law enforcement failed to taser him and he attempted to flee the shootout. records state he'd threatened to bomb the courthouse two weeks prior.
deputies in florida shot anesson joseph after he beat several victims including biting a teen's face in a random street attack. deputies tasered joseph, but he continued ranting and raving. joseph was naked. one cop opened fire and shot joseph in the torso and twice on his lower body. he was taken to delray medical center where he later died.
local police stopped a stolen taxi in the evening, driven by donohue. after a violent struggle and an attempt to taser him, he was shot to death. with no criminal record, subsequent reports suggested donohue was under the influence of hallucinogens.
james monroe was shot and killed by lakeland police officers monday night after a five-hour standoff. james had just killed his wife.
norman's sister called authorities about his brother because he said he was going to kill himself. when officers found him in his car, he had a gun and refused to drop it. he was shot and killed by authorities.
murphy was pursued by officers over a warrant. murphy ran and was tackled by an officer. murphy pulled out a gun and was subsequently shot and killed by officers.
bustos was being pursued by officers until he hit tire-puncturing devices causing him to slam his truck into a police car. he got out and threatened officers with a machete. bustos then did not obey officers' commands to drop the weapon. bustos was shot and killed.
police were asked to assist with bringing subject in for mental health treatment. subject answered the door to her apartment with a hammer that she allegedly held over her head in an attempt to attack the officers. she was shot by one of the officers and died at the hospital.
army veteran was reported to have been acting erratically and walking around naked. when police came upon him they shot him to death.
police were called to suarez's home due to his erratic behavior. upon arrival, suarez told police that he had taken drugs and threatened to kill the officers. after a brief struggle and failed taser use, an officer fatally shot suarez.
police were trying to contact hawes for questioning about past sex crimes and were following him southbound on 83rd st. hawes pulled over his vehicle and police said he had a gun pointed at himself. hawes then exited the vehicle and fired at officers, who returned fire and killed him.
torres was fatally shot by officers responding to a domestic disturbance between torres and his girlfriend. torres was shot after approaching officers while holding a machete.
officers responded to domestic violence call. ferguson threatened police with butcher knives and told the officer to kill him. after advancing on the officer and refusing to drop the knives, he was shot dead.
police pulled donald keith miller sr. over after receiving a call from an ex-girlfriend fearing for his safety. miller exchanged gunfire with police at a gas station at 83rd avenue and deer valley, then continued on in his vehicle. police found him again a short time later in a desert area on 89th and approached vehicle. gunfire was exchanged again, miller died on the scene.
police responded to a report of a man threatening suicide with a gun. byne made comments that he was going to get police to shoot him. police attempted to negotiate with byne and use less lethal means to stop him from shooting himself, but were unsuccessful. at some point during negotiations, byne was shot by police and later died at hospital.
two officers responded to a shoplifting call. another call said powell had a knife and was acting erratically. he raised the knife at the officers, and they shot and killed him.
gerrit vos, 22, of san clemente, was shot after he charged newport beach police department officers with a ‰ÛÏsharp metal instrument‰Û when they were responding to an altercation at a 7-11 store in the 1400 block of superior ave. vos was shot 5 times, including in the face. he had a history of mental illness including paranoia but was not on illegal drugs and had taken his meds. vos was living at a drug rehabilitation center in san clemente and appeared to be doing well.
maple grove police said they found a man dead of a gunshot wound at a maple grove rest stop. an suv driven by mar was seen leaving the rest stop. police said mar led them on a high-speed chase that ended when mar crashed into the median of i-694. mar "emerged from the vehicle with a knife and began repeatedly stabbing himself," according to a statement from the bca, which added that he "ignored repeated commands from law enforcement to stop and get on the ground." investigators said that mar then "charged" officers. two officers fired.
mcleod was an army veteran with heavy combat experience in afghanistan. police were called to mcleod's apartment, where he and an army buddy had been drinking then fighting. mcleod's friend told police mcleod had stabbed him. mcleod came out carrying a shotgun. when he pointed it at police, a deputy opened fire, killing him. mcleod's friends believe he suffered from ptsd. his family requested and was denied a special coroner's inquest.
ellett, who was known to be mentally ill, confronted the officer at the officer‰Ûªs home ‰Û_ the suspect fired shots at the officer‰Ûªs residence, with the officer shooting and killing the suspect.‰Û
a police officer investigating credit card theft encountered smith, the suspect pulled a gun and pointed it at the officer. he then fled, hijacking an automobile. an hour later, police cornered smith near a busy shopping center. smith now had two guns, and he pointed one at his head and one at his stomach. when he pointed one of the guns at police, five officers open fired, killing him.
officers arrived at hutcherson's residence with gun making suicidal threats. she closed door of her home on officers who then made a forced entry into home. she allegedly pointed gun at officers who then shot her. she died from her wounds at hospital.
a caller said an unknown man was inside her garage and was trying to break a window to get inside her home. the officer arrived at the home and found 35-year-old dennis grigsby, a mentally-ill man, inside the woman‰Ûªs garage. police allege that grigsby made an ‰ÛÏaggressive‰Û move toward the officer while carrying a spoon, prompting the officer to shoot grigsby.
"police say the man, identified as atencio, at first tried to run away. stage and gautreaux chased him down the residential street. suddenly, the chase took a deadly turn. "he dropped down on his knees, he took out [a] box cutter, placed it to his throat and began to cut his throat," said canon city police chief paul schultz.in a media conference on friday, schultz defended cpl. stage claiming stage was trying to talk atencio out of it. "as [atencio] stood up, he yelled an expletive, 'eff this' and started to charge towards corporal stage with the box cutter," said schultz. stage shot his firearm an unknown amount of times and hit atencio twice in the chest."
man attacked student with knife. at first put knife down when confronted by police, but then picked it back up and charged at police.
a domestic disturbance call brought police to volchkin's mother's residence -- her son had choked her, then fled. ninety minutes later he returned, ransacked the place, and sat on the sofa with three knives. increasingly agitated, volchkin lunged at the police and was fatally shot.
broadie stabbed his girlfriend with scissors. officers told broadie to drop the scissors, but he lunged at the officers instead. officers then shot and killed broadie.
nypd were called when a man wielding a knife threatened to kill someone. when nypd arrived, the man banged on the patrol car with the blade. before they exit, he flings a bottle at a taxi. the cops got out of the car and split up to approach dasrath, whom a source said weighed about 300 pounds. the cop fired on the man from a distance of about five or six feet. an nypd press release said dasrath was shot in the chest and one of his hands, but a cop source said he had five bullet wounds, though some may have been exit wounds. dasrath, who was said to have had learning disabilities, was taken to woodhull hospital, where he died.
a "crazed" alexandre stabbed his roommate while they were watching a knicks game, then cursed at and lunged towards responding officers with the same bloodstained knife. police fired nine shots. eight of them fatally struck him.
vang led officers on a car chase from california into nevada. when officers caught up with him, he ran his car into an officer and ignored commands to stop. he was shot by highway patrol officers.
green, a schizophrenic, threatened police with a gun. police responded and shot and killed green.
doering was acting bizarre and carrying a loaded rifle when his roommates called police, fearing that he would commit suicide. a swat officer shot doering after a lengthy standoff that ended when the 40-year-old pointed the rifle at officers.
a pedestrian in the red rock canyon national conservation area got in an argument with two bicyclists. upon arrival of nhp a struggle ensued, and the pedestrian was killed.
zachary andrews had been approached for robbing a convenience store. he placed a gun to his head and told officers to "kill him." officer opened fire after andrews approached him, gun in hand.
several neighbors called the police on anthony after he had gotten in a fight with someone whose house he spent the night at. one officer came, they got in an argument, the officer used a taser gun on him but did not have the desired effect. the officer then proceeded to shoot him once, when anthony did not go to the ground the officer shot him 4-5 more times until he was pronounced dead.
fairless' wife called police and reported her husband was suicidal and armed. four officers found fairless in the master bedroom, sitting on the bed with a handgun close by. police ordered him to move away from the weapon, instead he allegedly picked the weapon up and all four officers opened fire, killing him. fairless family requested an investigation but was apparently denied.
a mentally ill man took a 2-year-old girl hostage, holding a knife to her throat. when he started a countdown to the girl's death, he was shot once and killed.
mckinney broke into a woman's motel room. when officers arrived it appeared he may have been under a controlled substance. mckinney lunged for the officer's guns, which resulted in mckinney being shot by officers and dying from his wounds.
deputies responding to a paramedic dispute fatally shot goins after he became combative with a baseball bat after they entered his home for a welfare check. goins was apparently suffering a seizure at the time of the response.
ariel levy was killed in an officer-involved shooting after she reportedly threatened an officer with what later turned out to be a replica handgun.
worrell reportedly fired 10 to 15 gunshots in a neighborhood in union city. he refused to comply with the officers' demand to drop the rifle and was then shot.
three officers responded to a call from the man's family that he was mentally ill, that "the effectiveness of the man's medication seemed to be wearing off" and that he was breaking furniture and attacking them with a knife. after removing the family from the home, the officers report that they found the man on his bed with several knives. they report that they commanded him to disarm, that he threatened them, and that he reached for a large knife. two officers shot him and another tasered him. he died at the scene.
a robbery in progress at a burger restaurant was interrupted when sheriff‰Ûªs deputies shot and killed the suspect.
man was reported to have been threatening his family with shotgun. after standoff, was shot once by deputy after refusing to lower shotgun.
knudsen, who suffered from alcohol addiction, was shot after briefly exchanging gunfire with officers responding to a domestic dispute. maine's attorney general found the use of force was justified.
kubera called 911 and threatened to kill himself. officers blocked off the scene around his residence as a swat team was called in. shortly after, kubera came out of his house, firing a shotgun. shots were exchanged between kubera and officers, and kubera was hit. he was pronounced dead at baylor grapevine.
lincoln was shot and killed by police after a several-hour standoff, where he took his own daughter hostage. lincoln's family claimed he suffered from bipolar disorder, and was "talking crazy" before the shooting.
sheriff's office responded to a report of an angry man holing up in his home with a gun(s). expressed much anger toward responding deputies. displayed handgun, threatened to shoot. killed by deputy with rifle.
tilley said deputies and police went to the door closest to the stolen vehicle. after knocking on the door, two people came outside and told the law officers that the man they wanted was under the bed, tilley said. tilley said deputies and police asked smith to come outside, but smith refused. tilley said that a short time later, the officers heard gunfire. tilley said the officers were lifting up the bed when smith shot at them with another gun he had. four deputies and two police officers fired back.
officers were dispatched to herbert babelay‰Ûªs home after receiving a report of a suicidal man. babelay appeared on the street on a motorcycle after they arrived, and retreated to the shed at the rear of the house. when he emerged from the shed armed, he told police to get off his property. they told him to put his weapon down babelay said they‰Ûªd have to shoot him so they did.
hart, a severely handicapped man, was shot and killed after police after disobeying orders to drop a knife.
woolford was acting agitated in his trailer park neighborhood and a park employee called the police. swat was called, who woolford fired on. swat shot him.
diroma told a friend he was suicidal. the friend called authorities for help. diroma pointed a gun at officers. an officer fearing for his life shot and killed diroma.
two officers arrived and ordered kenneth sprankle, 27, to drop his weapon. but according to police, instead of dropping the ax, he ran toward one of the officers, yelling unintelligible statements. multiple shots were fired. sprankle was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics.
two officers - a field training officer and a trainee - were dispatched after a person called to say she was concerned about a neighbor. after knocking on the front door and getting no response, the uniformed police officer went to the rear of the home and knocked on the back door. according to the report, a woman standing inside the home near the back door raised a curtain on a large adjacent window and pointed a silver smith & wesson .38 special revolver at the officer. the officer then fired three times through the window, killing her.
dixon, while possibly suicidal and/or under the influence allegedly ran at police with a pair of scissors while doused in gasoline. police shot him.
a few blocks away, in the 400 block of s. rosemont avenue, police said hudson witnessed the man stop a passing van and try to climb in, alongside the family inside. "for the safety of the family, the officer gave loud verbal commands, but the suspect refused to comply," said maj. jeff cotner. "the suspect moved toward the officer in a manner perceived to be dangerous to the officer. the officer shot the suspect."
mother of mentally ill man called 911. video footage shows harrison's mother opening the door to the awaiting officers while harrison appears behind her twiddling a screwdriver. the officers immediately demanded he drop the tool and within seconds fired several shots, killing harrison before he was able to react.
after one or two officers approached mayo's car in a parking lot because they smelled marijuana, they found he had a probation violation warrant and called for backup. mayo led police on a 5 mile car chase that ended in a mall parking lot standoff. mayo got out of the car several times pointing his gun at his own head, and then finally pointed it at police. swat senior cpls. gerardo huante, robert hamilton, and marshall milligan immediately open fired, killing him.
schmidt was a prominent attorney who lived in the glass house at windsor apartment tower. he called police and reported a burglary, then barricaded himself in a hallway with a gun. when police arrived, he started shooting. police returned fire, hitting him nine times and killing him. autopsy revealed large amount of cocaine mixed with other drugs in schmidt's system.
police were called to the apartment because woman at the apartment reported that a man who she knew was knocking on the door and threatening her. when officers arrived, the man had left. they searched for the man in the apartment complex. an officer, who was alone at the time, saw him and a struggle ensued. the officer broadcast an assist, and shot allen.
roady crashed his car and began shooting his gun. officers responded to the scene and roady pointed his gun in the officer's direction. roady was shot and killed.
police were called because roudebush had a gun to his head. when officers arrived roudebush pointed his gun at them, which resulted in officers shooting and killing roudebush.
police heard shots from behind a bar and found strong idling his car in the bar's parking lot. an officer approached strong and he bolted. fearing strong might hit him, the officer shot nine times. the officer's partner shot three times. strong was hit by one bullet, killing him. autopsy found designer drug ethylone in strong's system. officers cleared of criminal charges by grand jury.
hernandez drunk when he was chasing people with a knife. the police say as he was being arrested he grabbed for the knife again and that is when he was shot. the family of hernandez, however, argued he was lying on the ground with no knife when he was shot.
police went to quintana's home in magna after receiving a report he was hurting himself. they said they found him cutting himself with a retractable razor knife in the middle of the road. despite orders to stop, he allegedly charged at an officer, who shot him four times.
lister was drunk and suicidal when he threatened officers with a gun. officers feared for their life and shot and killed lister
fresh had a history of mental health issues. her boyfriend called the police on a mid-afternoon when he felt threatened, informing them that she had firearms and knives. police surrounded the house for about an hour, with a police negotiator on the phone. fresh was in and out of the house with a rifle (unloaded) but was fatally shot when she pointed it.
police were called after a woman reported shepard acting erratically. the 58-year-old attempted to attack ems personnel with a kitchen knife, and was then fatally shot by responding officers after advancing towards them armed with a knife.
iraq veteran davis was found by police sitting in a local park, in his car, toying with a rifle. they'd been alerted that he was unstable, armed, and possibly suicidal. three officers cleared the park and began communicating with him via cell phone and a pa system. davis was shot and killed.
shot to death. police said they killed taylor after he fired at them outside his home.
shot to death. police claim whiting had a shotgun when they confronted him in front of his house and that he fired at them when they told him to put the gun down. a neighbor of whiting said whiting never pointed the gun at anyone, and never menaced officers and that he was on his own porch.
shot to death. police claim that when they came to moore's home to serve him with a warrant for animal cruelty, he pointed a gun at them. however, when the cops came busting into the house, they broke down the door in the middle of the night and never announced they were police officers. then moore was fatally shot when he went for his firearm on a night stand.
mcbennett suffered from depression and was committed three times 6 months before his death. on the day of his death mcbennett fired shots at officers - officers retaliated, killing mcbennett.
when officers arrived at the home, they found read on the first floor holding a knife in a "threatening manner" and refusing to come outside. police entered the home and confronted read, who refused to drop the knife and was shot by police.
souter had reportedly fired a gun in a home right before deputies responded to a suicide call there. deputies report that after removing the caller from the home, souter was repeatedly told to drop the gun. when she pointed it at a deputy, he shot her.
holt allegedly pulled a sks rifle on police and refused to drop it. holt was shot by dayton police sergeants mark ponichtera and andrew gillig in island metropark and died at miami valley hospital. police said that suicide by cop was "... a fairly accurate description.‰Û dayton police reports show three occasions between november 2010 and may 2011 when holt described himself as suicidal and was taken to a hospital for a 72-hour psychiatric hold.
johnson was a resident at an elder care facility who became angry and agitated and armed himself with a knife. the facility placed a 911 call, and when deputies arrived, johnson was standing in the driveway with the knife. the deputies confronted johnson, he allegedly charged them with the knife, and they open fired and killed him.
police responded to a call on a "woman walking in the street with a handgun" or an "armed, suicidal woman." a "mental health professional" and officers reportedly tried to get her to unarm herself for approx. 30 minutes. she then allegedly raised the gun and "pointed it at officers in a threatening manner." officers matt roy, chris dalton, richard robles, louie arviso, jaime getz, and senior officer andrea pflugh shot her. it was later determined that she was armed with an airsoft pellet pistol.
ledesma was detained by police inside a walgreen's after the 39-year-old appeared under the influence of drugs. a fight broke out between ledesma and police, requiring him to be transported to a hospital where later died from his injuries.
after a murder/hostage standoff involving at least three children, officers stormed the home, shooting and killing murphy.
the shooting death of richard ‰ÛÏpedie‰Û perez, 24, during a scuffle with a richmond police officer, according to police, the officer fired when perez attempted to grab his gun, but at least one witness says he did not see perez do so.
a suicidal woman pointed a gun at officers. officers then shot and killed her.
police responded to a call that herrera was having a mental breakdown and may have assaulted his mother. he opened the door holding a metal baseball bat. an officer pulled his gun and herrera allegedly hit his hand. he then allegedly raised the bat over his head and the officer fired four times at him, killing him. upstairs witness shari vernor says she heard a woman shout "don't shoot him!" and then gunfire. in a similar incident in nearby livermore the previous day, herrera was tasered and arrested by officers after fighting with a friend and threatening officers with his bat.
an 18-year-old special needs woman was killed after a confrontation with san mateo county sheriff's deputies that escalated into an officer-involved shooting when she lunged at officers with a knife.
officers found chang in the backyard, but he refused to obey their commands and brandished the ax at them, spanheimer said. he said officers were told by chang's relatives that he may have had access to a rifle and ammunition hidden in the house, spanheimer said... more than six hours after the standoff began, the swat team used a flash-bang grenade in hopes of getting chang to come out of the home, then made their way inside, at which point chang stabbed one of the officers with a knife, police said.
officers responded to calls that tyree was threatening passersby with a knife and 20-pound dumbbell. officers attempted to subdue tyree with a taser to no effect, and shot him when he charged them.
according to the argus leader: mitchell dispatchers received a call from a treatment facility counselor saying that a former resident, sherman, was at the quality inn and suites and had a gun. sherman was intoxicated and threatening to hurt herself and anyone else. mitchell police sgt. david beintema and an emergency response unit arrived at the hotel and attempted to negotiate with sherman. sherman opened her door and made eye contact with sgt. beintema, who ordered sherman to show her hands. at that point she stepped into the hallway and aimed her gun at sgt. beintema. he shot sherman three times, and she fell onto the floor in the doorway of her room.
deputies went to humphrey's home with a search warrant after two theft investigations were linked to the address. when the deputies searching the property asked him to get out of it, he opened fire. the deputies returned fire and called for backup. more than 50 officers from several law enforcement agencies assisted at the scene. humphrey called 911 from inside the motor home during the standoff. he spent nearly an hour talking with a yakima police negotiator, but they were unable to reach a solution. humphrey was killed by officers returning fire. he was a convicted sex offender who had failed to register.
a deputy responded to a domestic call about a burglary, the the suspect ran and the deputy pursued him. a fight ensued, including the suspect choking the officer and attempting to gouge out his right eye. ryan attempted to take the officer's taser and firearm during the fight. the officer was wounded and during the altercation the suspect was shot and killed.
henry pointed a gun at a family member at a convenience store. police later arrived at henry's residence where he was threatening to take his own life. he pointed his gun at officers. henry was shot and killed.
maiden or his family called 911 to report that he was suicidal at the home of his late father, who reportedly committed suicide during a swat standoff a month earlier. a swat team was called to the home and "was attempting to diffuse the situation." when maiden reportedly stepped outside with a rifle and shotgun, he ignored commands to drop his weapons. deputy gilbert caudillo shot him once, killing him.
witham was suicidal and called 911 to report that she was going to kill herself. the police officers attended the scene and found her outside with a man. they reported she took a gun out of a holster, and the police officers told her to drop the weapon. after she refused police officers opened fire, killing her and injuring the man.
police responded to a call from a combat veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder stating that he was suicidal. on arriving the officers found him armed, but wanting to talk with police. after repeated warnings not to, wernli reached for his holstered pistol and was shot by police. wernli died at the hospital.
deputies were serving a physicians emergency commitment order to a man in a church. gunshots were exchanged and suspect was killed.
donald's family called 911 for assistance with getting him into a mental hospital under florida's baker act. responding police could not control him; donald reportedly said he "didn't want to be bothered." local officers tasered him then shot him to death with three bullets in front of his mother and pregnant sister.
police were called about a residential disturbance. when they arrived at the home, the victim pulled a gun on the officers, who then shot him in his garage, killing him.
saan pao saeteurn was shot and killed by police after brandishing a pellet gun at them. the pellet gun was designed to look like an authentic rifle.
a deputy was transporting a mentally ill man to a hospital when a struggle ensued mid-route and the deputy shot the victim.
a man with known ties to gangs was walking around a neighborhood, randomly shooting at cars, houses, and police cars, was gunned down by police.
after a short interaction with police, zehring lead officers on a chase that ended when he pulled over and brandished a knife at officers. after two failed tasings, an officer fired and fatally hit zehring, who had a history of mental illness.
after armed robbery and firing shots at kmart, woosypiti fled to apartment building where officers shot and killed suspect after 32-hour stand-off.
deceased was driving the wrong way on street, refused to pull over and was followed through several communities before crashing his truck into a pole. then he backed into 2 police cars and shots were fired. he was found in the truck with a knife in his neck and was hit by 2 bullets - exact cause of death has not been released yet.
deputies discovered a suicidal morrow and his parked motorcycle on a remote road. as they approached he held a handgun to his own head and threatened to shoot. after hours of negotiations and text messages back and forth morrow advanced on the police in a threatening way, and they shot him to death.
jose calzada, 35, placed a call to a suicide prevention hotline at 4:00 a.m. in the morning and threatened to kill himself. swat eventully showed up and helped him.
the officers from special weapons and tactics came under fire from a suspect, andrew sizemore, 27, of indianapolis, who was killed in the gunbattle about 7:41 p.m. in the home in the 1600 block of south state avenue, according to the indianapolis metropolitan police department. indy star
drayton was suicidal when he threatened his sister, himself and deputies with a knife. he fought with officers and was tasered multiple times. drayton then jabbed at deputies prompting them to shoot and kill drayton.
deputy joseph matuskovic was fatally shot through a door while responding to a report of a drunk man michael donovan oswald at an apartment. oswald was also killed by gunfire. bullets from the weapon, which was similar to an ak-47, punctured the protective vest of the slain deputy.
officers responded to reports of shots fired. subject allegedly point a gun at three officers who then fired upon subject.
probation officer john farnsworth and police went to hancock's home to arrest him. they did not wait for hancock's grandfather to retrieve him and rushed into his bedroom guns drawn, in the presence of two small children. they claim hancock "dove for a gun" and that farnsworth wrestled with him for it. a family witness, says she did not see a gun in hancock's hand. farnsworth and possibly another officer shot him three times before or after he allegedly shot and critically injured farnsworth. the probation dept. was aware of hancock's history of mental illness. the family has reportedly retained an attorney.
police say they shot the man ‰ÛÏmultiple times‰Û after he charged them with a knife following an early-morning rampage through a quiet neighborhood in which the man was ‰ÛÏyelling and banging on doors, attempting to enter multiple homes.‰Û
a caseworker at the association for the developmentally disabled of worthington called 911, saying she had been threatened by a resident. when officers arrived, a man came at them with a knife and an officer shot him. the caseworker locked herself in a bathroom.
caudill‰Ûªs husband had called police from out of town to ask for a well-being check. neighbors reported seeing the woman in her yard, bleeding with cuts to her wrists. when police arrived, they say caudill opened the front door, holding a handgun.a veteran police sergeant fired multiple rounds, hitting the woman in the chest.
officers responded to gonzalez's home after a call from his roommate, saying that gonzalez was suicidal and had chased him out of the apartment with a knife. officer daniel madewell, fearing for his life, shot and killed the suspect after he appeared on his balcony and point what they thought was a scoped rifle at the officers. madewell fired multiple rounds at the suspect who died on the scene. the weapon turned out to be a bb gun. gonzalez's roommate said he struggled with mental health issues most of his life and seemed to be getting worse. madewell was cleared and returned to work.
police officers were investigating reports of a man with a gun at bernal heights park, acting erratically and threatening passersby. police said he appeared to reach for a weapon - friends and witnesses suggested it was a taser stun gun - and officers shot and killed him.
sheriff‰Ûªs officials say that as two deputies approached his property, skelly fired his semi-automatic rifle. one deputy returned fire with his department-issued ar15 rifle, striking skelly. he died of multiple gunshot wounds from the ar15.
woodstock's brother called 911 to report that his brother was "mentally ill, off of his medications and acting frantic, hostile, and aggressive." police said that when they found him, he had a knife, ran, and ignored orders to stop. they report that a stun gun and police dog used did not subdue him. officer gregory loor shot and killed him.
troubled carberry, hosted by friends in a relatively affulent neighborhood in an attempt to get his life back on track, triggered a police visit as he threatened the two homeowners. once in the driveway, gun in hand and surrounded by police, he opened challenged them to shoot him to death.
davis was described by neighbors in her retirement community as an ordinarily friendly woman who circled around on her tricycle, but who was capable of "terrorizing" others when off her meds. county officers had learned of her notorious mental condition on 79 calls to her location since 2008. on this day she fatally shot an elderly neighbor and was herself immediately shot by county police, the third killing of a female by south florida leos within a week.
police were responding to a domestic dispute in which arrigoni both threatened his girlfriend and to commit suicide. officers broke into the house when the girlfriend reported he was trying to break down a bedroom door to get at her. he pointed his gun at officers so they shot and killed him.
howard was allegedly mentally unstable and highly intoxicated when he left his home and began firing, while armed with several firearms. an officer shot howard in the chest after a short standoff that ended with officers shooting the 49-year-old after he pointed a gun at them.
sc state constable rice's wife called 911 to report a domestic disturbance with a firearm. le state that when they arrived, rice was on the front porch with a gun, and that he fired 2- 3 shots, and that after the goose creek police announced themselves, he fired 2- 3 more shots. swat was called in and a standoff occurred. le states that "as tactical teams were assembling," a deputy and police officer encountered rice behind his home, "gunfire was exchanged" and rice was shot. he died 4 hours later.
davenport police department responded to a report of a man who was waving guns and threatening to harm himself. the man began to drink and became more irrational and agitated. the man aggressively advanced toward officers with one weapon in his hand and another in his waistband. police fired multiple rounds killing the man.
victim was drinking and threatening aubrey jordan (aj) with a knife. aj (lifelong friend of the victim) locked himself in a bedroom and called the police. when police arrived the victim came at them with a knife and the officers fired 4 shots. alvin jennings' became disabled after suffering both a stroke and aneurysm in 2006. surgeons removed a portion of his skull, his son said, and the injury contributed to his mental health issues in recent years.
after an attempted traffic stop, ryckeart led police on a 40-minute chase that ended when he crashed into the back of a home in elkhart. the officers who shot and killed ryckeart were cleared of any wrongdoing by a grand jury in january 2014.
acosta had mental health issues, a drug problem, a criminal record, and a protective order to stay away from his wife. she happened to be a civilian employee of the fresno pd. while trying to apprehend him police used pepper spray and a taser, neither of which worked. when he threatened officers with a four-foot metal police he was shot to death.
police say a man who officers shot and killed wednesday night in southwest fresno was intoxicated and not willing to back down. the police chief says the suspect had a large carving knife inches away from his brother and refused to put it down. he was shot and killed.
figueroa's family called 911 to report him high on meth and hallucinating at home. four officers responded and "attempted to negotiate" with figueroa from outside for 45 minutes, after which they sent a k-9 into the home. two officers followed and found figueroa in a bedroom holding a steak knife. when they "pulled the k-9 off the man", he allegedly began screaming and raised the knife over his head, at which time the officers shot him. he died later that night at the hospital. his mother, aurora figueroa, says he was shot 17 times.
police were called after carter entered an apartment of an acquaintance and started acting strange. the 49-year-old allegedly approached officers while holding a kitchen knife, and was fatally tasered before being shot.
fresno sheriff's department responded to a call about a man who was acting suicidal. when a deputy arrived at the scene davis approached him with a box cutter, prompting the deputy to shoot him. davis kept coming and allegedly jumped the deputy. a second deputy arriving on the scene shot and killed davis.
police were responding to a domestic violence disturbance between a man and his sister
police responded to "threatening issues" at home of clay, who shot at them from house before emerging with gun in hand.
police went to boyd's house after receiving a report that a suicidal woman was there. officers found her with a semi-automatic firearm. police said boyd refused to drop the weapon and pointed the gun at an officer. the officer then shot boyd. she was taken to mercy medical center where she later died. police said boyd had a blood alcohol content of 0.145 when she was admitted to the hospital. an autopsy shows she died as a result of two gunshot wounds. a grand jury later ruled there was not enough evidence to warrant an indictment against officer aaron king.
police responded to a domestic disturbance call from his wife taquisha, who said brown, a special operations army sergeant, was having a mental "episode" in their home. police said brown exited the house and fired one shot from a handgun, then ran behind a building. when he allegedly reappeared with the gun, an officer shot him once in the abdomen with a rifle.
a drunk driver was reported in wasilla, ak, leading troopers to pursue the driver and eventually corner him in an intersection. cornered, the samel's truck quickly reversed towards the officers, prompting them to fire into the cab of the truck, killing samel and wounding a passenger. samel suffered from bipolar disorder and was one of the hunters who discovered the body of chris mccandless, whose death was captured in the book and movie "into the wild."
noah scott had a long history of drug abuse, including heroin. when his girlfriend backed out on marriage plans, he stabbed her seven times. deputies found her bleeding to death on the lawn across the street from scott's house. scott confronted them in the doorway with a knife, asking the officers to shoot and kill him. when they didn't, he lunged at them, and three deputies shot him 29 times. his girlfriend succumbed to her injuries. the sheriff called it a case of "suicide by cop."
officers responded to a check welfare call at the best western hotel. the caller indicated a known person was possibly suicidal and requested patrol officers make contact with him at the hotel. upon arrival, officers contacted jeffrey johnson. johnson fled, was chased by police, and arrived at a cemetery. johnson charged his vehicle towards a k9 unit and reached for a gun. an officer then shot and killed johnson.
little, a police cadet, opened fire at the home of his former girlfriend, first shooting her 47-year-old mother and family friend wegener in the driveway, then shooting the girlfriend. wegener died, the mother seriously wounded, the girlfriend wounded in the leg. in turn the cadet was shot and killed at the scene by the girlfriend's brother.
crowe's sister initially called police and told them that her brother was acting suicidal, and was threatening to shoot anyone who came into his house. arriving officers found crowe, who was bipolar, hiding under a bed and began shooting towards the officers, leading them to exchange gunfire at fatally hit crowe.
suspect broke into gun case at wal-mart and attempted to take a rifle. after employee fought off suspect he ran to parking lot. suspect lunged at sapd officer with broken bottle and was shot 3 times.
officers received a report that someone had threatened another person with a weapon. when officers arrived, they found leblanc in the street with a machete. the rapides parish sheriff's office said pineville officers ordered leblanc to drop his weapon. he then charged toward one of the officers, and the officer fired on him, killing him.
lipp was engaged in a car chase with police and was a suspect in a robbery that occured earlier. after a three hour car chase, lipp was killed by police who had accidentally killed larry collins in the chase.
officers were responding to a report of a man with a self-inflicted stab wound in a home. as they arrived, kelley was standing in the driveway holding the knife. police said he refused repeated commands to drop the knife and then approached the officers. three of them opened fire, striking kelley several times.
police served a search warrant for drugs at a house where starks and several other people were present. starks was wearing loose clothing and concealing his hands and repeatedly refused police orders to display his hands. fearing starks was armed, one officer shot and killed starks. starks was unarmed but in possession of crack cocaine. the officer who shot starks had been involved in a previous fatal encounter.
mitch thompson, 52, was shot and killed after thompson attacked sheriff j.r. walker, potter-randall special crimes unit lt. erick bohannon told the globe-news. earlier, thompson was drinking and threatening his wife.
sims, suffering from ptsd, fired shots at his father and neighbor. police were called, and ultimately shot and killed sims.
off duty officer who was running security at a downtown hotel, chased down off duty fireman who was accused of battery. officer didn't call for back up and escalated the situation. the victim fought the officer, and was punching him, the officer who wasn't carrying mace, or a taser shot him twice in the chest.
erik charles lebak was suicidal. he was armed with a handgun and a shotgun and shot multiple times by two redding police department officers who responded to the scene.
the suspect stabbed his cousin to death with a knife, then came at officers with the weapon.
officers responded to reported assault or suicide attempt; claim sharpe had a gun refusing to put it down, that he said he wanted to end his life, that when they used a stun gun sharpe pointed a gun at the officers and they shot him twice.
police were called to thompson's home after he allegedly threatened neighbors with a gun, and subsequently engaged gunfire with police intermittently for an hour before succumbing to fatal gunshot wounds. neighbors said thompson had shown signs of mental illness.
authorities said as officers approached michalak, gunshots were fired by multiple officers from multiple agencies. in total, five officers from three agencies fired their duty weapons, two from the omaha police department, two from the united states marshals service and one from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement (ice).
officers attemped to apprehend jennifer lovings and jason welch in connection with a meth bust. lovings rammed her vehicle into unmarked police cruisers. welch reached down into the console, and police believing he was reaching for a gun, shot three times at welch through the vehicle window. lovings drove away and ran; welch was found in the vehicle and taken to the university of nebraska medical center in extremely critical condition. he died five days later.
omaha police department responded to a 911 domestic disturbance call around 2am which indicated that the suspect had a shotgun. suspect's girlfriend left the house when police arrived but two children, suspects son and daughter were still inside. daughter later was freed, but suspect allegedly used 3-year-old son as a shield multiple times when pointing shotgun at officers. suspect threatened officers and made suicidal statements. around 6:30am suspect put his son back in the house and came back out with shotgun and rifle, and was shot multiple times by four officers. suspect had criminal history and mental issues. one gun was later found to be a pellet gun, and the other was unloaded.
sanchez, who was wanted for escaping a halfway house at the time of his death, was shot and killed after an hours-long standoff with mesa county sheriff's deputies. the county's da found no wrong-doing on the part of the sheriff's office.
veteran marine with ptsd was ranting and carrying a shotgun. the police arrived in armored vehicles and surrounded him. he was shot in the back 6 times.the police were originally called over because of reports of an altercation between stephen andrew mcmilon and a woman inside his house.
officers called to the scene where a suicidal young man reportedly had a gun. officers shot him multiple times despite his family's pleas to take into consideration his mental illness.
police called to disturbance at apartment, towe wielding long knife, charged police, who shot him.
showman herself called police in the mid-morning, claiming to be armed with an uzi and threatening her family. she had a long history of mental health issues. when officers arrived showman met them outside, holding a cordless drill. officers felt threatened and they shot her to death.
mentally ill woman, who remains unidentified in media accounts, called 911 and told the operator she was distraught, suicidal and if police were sent, she would goad them into killing her. when three officers arrived at her residence, the 5'5" woman greeted them at the door wielding an aluminium baseball bat. two officers opened fire, killing her. shooting caused public controversy over police treatment of mentally ill people.
while leaving his workplace marshall, with a history of mental illness and some notoriety as a silicon valley whistleblower, ingested medication at a furious pace and began to act erratically. two deputies approached him from behind. his reaction was to twirl and brandish an object that police described as a "5-1/2 inch metal spike" and others describe as a short, rounded aluminum key fob. fearing for her life, one of the deputies fatally shot marshall in the stomach. his family has filed a wrongful-death suit.
police report that during an undercover drug bust in a parking lot, ruelas seemed to be high. while sitting in his truck, he reportedly told the undercover buyer, det. travis niesen, that he had a gun and then "reached for his waist." niesen shot him, then dets. cory morgan, justin mead and jake thompson, sgt. greg hill, and deputy sheriff tyler fernandes opened fire. ruelas was unarmed and shot 29 times.
an intoxicated zavala confronted officers at his home at 3 a.m. and was fatally shot by police. family statements decried the behavior and differed sharply with the police news release: instead of being heavily armed with multiple weapons, family claimed only a bb gun was found at the scene, and the police apparently also sought to dispute zavala's status as a veteran.
police in monroe said, deputies responded to 12850 treat highway to enforce a court order for hospitalizing the man, who, according to family members, was paranoid and delusional. deputies were allowed into the residence, where they immediately encountered the man armed with a shotgun. the man ignored repeated warnings from deputies to lower the weapon and deputies shot him.
cpls. john hartley, and officers cody becker, noah pottierger and stephen mcclure of the northern york county regional police responded to a call from a wellspan crisis counselor--who had been on the phone with thomson--stating that he was suicidal. on arriving, the officers found the suspect in him kitchen, armed with a marlin 30-30 caliber rifle. after refusing several orders to drop his weapon, thomson was shot and killed by officer cody becker. york county district attorney tom kearney believed thomson's goal was to commit "suicide by cop," and the shooting was ruled justified.
thompson called a crisis line to say he was armed and suicidal, and police were contact and sent to his home. officers were allegedly trying to negotiate with thompson when he fired one shot at them with a rifle and ran outside. he encountered another officer who fired at him four times with a patrol rifle, killing him.
officers tried to talk down the man with the gun, who was standing in the middle of federal with a chihuahua following at his heels. several times, the man put the gun to his head and officers fired a less-lethal round bean-bag projectile. the gunman turned and ran toward a neighbor's house as police pursued him and eventually shot and killed him.
he was pulled over in a traffic stop at about 3:50 p.m. near akin park, where police said gunfire was exchanged. wagner was taken to longview regional medical center after the shooting. he had a history of terroristic threats and silent or abusive calls to 911 service.
officers called to scene of drunk man threatening his brother with a knife. officers demanded suspect drop the knife, and opened fire when he threatened to throw it at them.
deputies were responding to a report of shots fired. when they approached shannon, he fired on them. they shot and killed him.
family members called the police on tereschenko when his behavior became erratic. two officers (county deputies contracted to the city force) fought with him in a back bedroom, where the "very large individual, strong in stature" seemed to get the better of them. tereschenko also did not respond to a tasering. threatened, they shot the unarmed and likely mentally ill man to death.
nelson was spotted by a police officer rear-ending a bus and drinking an alcoholic beverage behind the wheel. after the officer tried to prevent nelson from taking off, he made u-turns and drove his car onto a sidewalk and hitting a tree, prompting police to fire and kill nelson. honolulu police defended the decision to shoot nelson, claiming it was done to prevent further safety risks.
officers shot and killed rivera, who suffered from a mental illness, after he threatened them with a blade attached to a long metal pole. officers first attempted to taser rivera and then shot him five times after it was deemed ineffective.
victim suffered from ptsd. family called police, they shot him 12 times. police allege shergill was armed with a knife. family believes his death was unwarrented.
grissett was shot by a police officer after crashing his car into law enforcement vehicles. the high-speed chase started after authorities tried to pull him over in connection with a drug investigation. it ended when grissett rammed his car into two law enforcement vehicles. officers fired at the car, hitting grissett.
allen ott was shot and killed by gordon county sheriff's deputies after violating a protective order for his estranged wife and children, and threatening to kill her and himself. deputies found the suspect near the home, allegedly waving a rifle around. when he refused to drop the gun and pointed it at deputies he was fatally shot.
the victim was inside the bank and a bank employee called the police to report the man was acting strange. police arrived, the man didn't comply, they shot him. they found bayton, who displayed a knife and was ‰ÛÏacting erratically.‰Û
bell county sheriff‰Ûªs deputies shot and killed a man with a shotgun thursday evening after a 911 caller said the man was threatening to kill himself, sheriff‰Ûªs spokesman donnie adams said. after arriving, the deputies encountered allen jay foste, 49, and fired their weapons after he pointed the shotgun at them, adams said.
mitchell was driving at speeds of 100 mph. mitchel ran off the road near highway 13 and buckhorn road where officer schlabach told mitchel' to get on the the ground. mitchell advanced the officer in an aggressive manner and was subsequently shot and killed.
khalid bouaiti, a mentally ill man, was shot and killed by a jersey city police officer when he allegedly charged the officer with a knife. bouaiti had shut himself in his apartment after speaking with a therapist from jersey city medical center. officer forced their way into his home, and say that he attacked one of them with a knife. the officer fired several shots from his handgun, and bouaiti was pronounced dead at jersey city medical center.
shot while advancing on a deputy holding a cane. deputies were responding to a report of a domestic disturbance.
police responded to a report by a neighbor (part of an ongoing dispute) that flammable liquid might have been poured down a chimney. on arrival, the madison county sheriff's office alleges that the suspect pointed a shotgun in sgt. bill marconi's direction and refused to drop it. marconi fired several shots, suspect ran and was later found dead behind his house. cloninger's widow filed lawsuit stating that marconi did not identify himself as a sheriff‰Ûªs deputy and no cause to suspect him of wrongdoing.
on instructions from a hospital, blair's family called the county police to assist when the 26-year-old paranoid schizophrenic had locked himself in a bathroom and had threatened suicide with a knife. officers escalated the situation, tasered the victim without effect, then killed him with "almost a dozen" gunshots fired into his body at point-blank range.
would not drop a knife after ordered to. utvic advanced towards the officers and was shot.
williams suffered from dementia. he allegedly attacked an officer with an ax, prompting the officer to shoot and kill williams.
after shooting an officer and the ensuing a high speed chase, hicks was shot to death.
officers responded to a family disturbance at the home of flores-lopez, who allegedly threatened the officers with a knife. after using a taser to no effect, an officer shot flores-lopez and killed her. she apparently suffered from mental health issues.
stand had a knife and allegedly charged at an officer. the officer then shot and killed stand.
a family member called for help to have him baker acted (checked for mental welfare), the cop came up and shot him from about 20 feet away. the officer said skyles confronted him with a knife immediately upon his arrival.
a standoff at the suresave usa self-storage facility in longwood, fla., ended when swat officers shot and killed a man who was armed with a shotgun. michael morgan got into a fight with his wife earlier in the morning, and then took a shotgun to the storage facility, according to longwood police, who described morgan's behavior as suicidal in nature.
obviously mentally ill man allegedly wielded crowbar and police shot him.
an officer shot swoboda after identifying his van as one involved in an earlier kidnapping, then stopping him and briefly exchanging gunfire. swoboda was a fugitive and suspected of stalking women in the portland area, and a grand jury cleared the officer of any charges following the shooting.
timothy's mother reports that the officer harassed timothy prior to timothy's death. on night of incident, officer claims that timothy was vandalizing his property. officer chased timothy and a struggle began. a bystander intervened. at some point, officer used mace. bystander testimony changed over time and some sources say that bystander was threatened by officer that he must corroborate with officer's story or meet same fate as timothy. bystander originally claimed that officer was standing over timothy when timothy was shot and unofficial sources at time of death say that timothy was shot in the back of the head, twice. i have no information about official autopsy report. incident occurred in small town and was said to create quite a stir there with most of the town siding with timothy. officer was reported to have harassed and threatened several people who drove down the road that officer lives on for months after timothy's death.
thomas attacked officer donald privett with a metal pipe. the officer then fired his weapon. thomas died on the way to a springfield hospital. the officer was taken to the hospital in cassville for his injuries, and was treated and released.
a disturbed teen calls 911 to report a suspicious person, points a cap gun at police and is killed.
an off-duty police officer who died following a car crash in pasadena on saturday morning had shot himself first, according to the anne arundel county police department. bladensburg police officer brian johnson, 38, was driving a marked police car on eastbound route 100 near catherine avenue when it veered across the median and struck an oncoming vehicle, police said.
on friday night, family friend michael muhammad said latham was arguing with his brother at the house. his mother called 911, and according to family members and muhammad, she reported latham was ill and needed help. family members said one of the children in the house also called 911 and asked police dispatchers to ‰ÛÏhurry up.‰Û family members said latham answered the door when police arrived. they said latham wouldn‰Ûªt drop the knife, however, he did not threaten the officer. latham was shot at least three times while in the doorway, according to the family. they also said he was shot once when he was on the ground.
victim was schizophrenic in an assisted living home. he was deemed a danger to himself and others and a judge issued an emergency custody order. officer serving custody order shot faine after he brandished a knife.
police say they were dispatched to the residence after a woman called to report that her husband had locked himself in the bathroom and threatened to harm himself. whitworth eventually left the house through the back door, armed with a handgun. he fired the gun once before hiding under a trampoline. he then got a ladder and climbed over the back fence. once he got over the fence, still armed with a gun, officers fired at him.
mccollum called 911 call, requesting assistance because she was going to commit suicide. when police arrived on the scene, deputies saw mccollum with a handgun at the front door of her home. one the deputies shot mccollum. emergency responders pronounced her dead at the scene.
street was fatally shot by deputies after a short chase and after the 51-year-old "rammed" officers with his vehicle. street's bac was .28 at the time of his death.
krouser was approached by an officer for disturbing the peace. he then cut the officer with a box cutter, prompting another officer to shoot and kill krouser.
police were called after a woman reported that daniels had taken drugs and began acting violent. officers attempted to tase daniels to little effect, and shot him after he lunged at them with a knife.
police were called for a report of sierra trying to stab himself. the caller told police the teen had already stabbed himself multiple times and two friends at the home with sierra unsuccessfully tried to restrain him. the caller told dispatchers that sierra jumped off the second-story of the townhome and fled. sierra was found sitting on the side of the road by officer t. hood. at the time a friend was behind sierra struggling for control of the knife. when hood got out of his patrol vehicle, he yelled at sierra multiple times to drop the knife sierra, police said, ‰ÛÏraised the knife, pointed it at officer hood, increased his speed, and continued to advance.‰Û once sierra was within 5 to 10 feed of hood, the officer shot and killed him.
there is little media coverage on this case. foskey's mother may have called 911 to report that he was leaving the house in an agitated state connected with drug use. two deputies either stopped his car on the highway or found it stopped with foskey apparently unconscious, or not. after foskey made a movement with his hand, deputy brandon merritt shot him 1-17 times and was cleared of wrongdoing by a grand jury.
morton was high on meth and threatening to shoot her mother and two children before setting her mobile home on fire as deputies arrived. morton was armed with a rifle and refused to drop, causing officers to fatally shoot the 27-year-old.
police responding to calls of a suicidal man found brown on a small bridge on forlines road. after the officers approached him, brown raised his gun, leading the officers to fire at brown. north carolina's state bureau of investigation found the shooting to be justified.
jenkins was the object of a statewide silver alert ‰ÛÒ for missing persons suffering from cognitive impairments. she was found driving her white 2002 jeep grand cherokee after refusing to cooperate with a traffic stop. she pulled over about 15 minutes later and was surrounded by at least eight police vehicles. "law enforcement personnel tirelessly attempted to negotiate with the driver to surrender but were unsuccessful," according to a news release, before they shot her to death.
seth beckham broke into a 7-11, a mcdonald's, and a gas station, while displaying aggressive and bizarre behavior. after the police officers drew their guns, beckham reportedly tried to attack the officers. seth beckham was shot by a harford county sheriff‰Ûªs deputy.
bush was having a nervous breakdown and was 'tearing up the house'. deputies responded and bush was reportedly armed. bush was ultimately shot and killed.
johnson threatened and then killed his neighbor, her daughter, and wounded her son. he was armed with the knife when police arrived, after the son left the apartment and called for help.
brozek was shot and killed by officers ryan finnegan, ryan orvis, and scott templeton after allegedly charging at them with a sword. police say bean bag rounds were fired first. the shooting concluded a day-long standoff that began when sheriff's deputies tried to evict brozek from his condo.
six days earlier, subject killed a school bus driver and abducted a 5 year old boy, then took refuge in an underground bunker on his property. after negotiations broke down, fbi swat team raided the bunker killing the subject.
miller was threatening to commit suicide. she became agitated at some point, threw a phone down and spun around with a rifle pointed at officers. she was shot once and killed by an officer.
a man was shot at least once in the head by a salem police officer after threatening the officer with a knife in northeast salem early wednesday, april 30. it started when officer david baker was dispatched to the salem arbor townhouse condominiums, in the 4700 block of lancaster drive ne, on a report of a domestic disturbance at 7:13 a.m. when baker arrived, he was confronted by 47-year-old michael conley, who was brandishing a knife. according to salem police, conley advanced on baker with the knife, despite orders to put the knife down. an officer could be heard over the scanner telling dispatchers: "he's coming at me with the knife, telling me to shoot him."
police came to lujan's home because he was reported suicidal. they spoke to him for a half-hour before he leveled the rifle at them and began advancing.
a local officer responding to a 911 call found the 93-year-old golden holding a handgun. golden fired twice into the ground; the officer commanded her three times to drop the weapon, which she did not do. he shot three times and golden was struck twice, fatally.
the schizophrenic caccamo severely beat his elderly mother and stepfather in the home they shared. the police arrived and used nonlethal force (stun and pepper), but caccamo was wearing a bullet proof vest and went toward officers, two of whom were stabbed and left with nonfatal wounds. officer james kelley shot and killed caccamo.
mentally ill man (hamilton) found lying on the ground near red arrow park, which is across the street from milwaukee city hall. a police officer ordered the man to move. a scuffle ensued. hamilton allegedly took the officer's baton away and allegedly began to hit him with it. the officer fired approximately 15 shots at hamilton. hamilton died at the scene.
officers were called by a person who said a relative was threatening to kill them. coleman was also suicidal.
a motorist described as despondent and possibly suicidal was shot and killed following a police chase that ended near spokane valley mall.
jacobs called law enforcement offering to turn himself in on an outstanding warrant. when deputies arrived to serve the arrest warrant, ‰ÛÏa confrontation ensued,‰Û according to the release. police said an intoxicated jacobs threatened them with a knife, so he was shot and killed.
ransom was a mentally ill veteran who called the va to report he was suicidal. the va called police requesting a welfare check. in the meantime, ransom also called 911. when a police officer arrived, ransom was standing in the front yard with an assault rifle. he refused to put the weapon down so the police officer open fired, killing him. local police were very familiar with ransom. incident is being investigated by state bureau of investigation.
letterle had been drinking and fighting with his girlfriend in a bar. the bartender asked him to leave because he was too drunk. he left, but returned with a handgun. the bartender spotted the handgun and called police. police arrived to find letterle physically assaulting his girlfriend in the bar. at some point, letterle fired his weapon striking his girlfriend in the hand. one officer returned fire, killing letterle.
the iowa falls police department responded to an emergency call of an armed suicidal man. upon arrival, the armed man, fitz, exited the residence armed with several weapons and wearing a bullet-proof vest. he allegedly refused to obey commands from officers on the scene and reached for a weapon. after refusing to drop the weapon, officers fired rounds, killing fitz.
kovac was shot in a home after threatening to hurt himself and then pointing the gun at a responding officer.
a deputy responding to calls of a suicidal man shot and killed ayers after the 45-year-old allegedly fired a gun at the deputy.
farrand's wife called 911 after he became enraged and suicidal about a mutual friend who had made an unwanted advance toward her. farrand was armed when police arrived at the home. they removed the wife from the home then farrand came outside brandishing a handgun. three officers tried to talk him down, but farrand put his finger on the trigger, and one of the officers shot him four times, killing him.
apparently distraught, jeff foote called police and told a dispatcher that he planned to shoot himself, the sheriff‰Ûªs office said in a news release. officers from multiple police agencies went to the home foote shared with his to find him standing in the front yard, brandishing a small handgun. one deputy tried to calm foote. as they spoke, however, foote apparently discharged his gun and an officer returned fire killing foote.
[his wife called 911 and] told dispatchers that her husband, a retired school bus driver, was suicidal and feared for his safety and hers. she said there were guns in the house. [deputy] mangino fired two rounds from a rifle from 69 feet away as mckenney waved his gun and approached mangino and his cruiser, where a civilian passenger who had been participating in a ride-along was ducked down in the front seat.
gallatin county deputy edwin caldwell responded to a domestic disturbance call about an intoxicated man in a trailer home along rt. 16. after talking to burdine he was returning to his vehicle, only to find burdine following behind him with a gun, words were exchanged and burdine allegedly pointed his gun at caldwell, who shot burdine four times. on august 11 the county grand jury found the shooting justified.
after goodman was boxed in by police following a high-speed chase, he repeatedly rammed into police vehicles and ran over one officer's leg. an officer fired into goodman's car, hitting him twice in the chest. goodman was found to have a bac over the legal limit, and was facing vehicular manslaughter charges from an earlier incident.
youngblood pointed a pistol in the direction of deputies, prompting them to shoot and kill younblood.
police said clark shot officer smith two times and then fired on responding officers, who then shot him.
wright was causing a violent disturbance outside a man's house in a rural area. the man called a neighbor, who was a detective with the sheriff's department. the detective was off-duty, but put his uniform on and proceeded to the residence. when the detective arrived, wright immediately began shooting at him with a shotgun. wright's bac was over legal driving limit. spokane investigative regional response team found shooting justified.
officers from the university of colorado denver police department were initially sent to a parking garage on the campus on a report of a suicidal man. when they found gorden, he drove off. cu denver police officers followed him, pulling him over at 16th avenue and quentin street, and that's when shots were fired, hitting the man. he was taken to the emergency department at the university of colorado hospital where he was pronounced dead.
maldonado showed up at his ex-girlfriend's apartment, who had a restraining order against him, with a sawed-off 410 shotgun. he got in a confrontation with a man there, and fired off a shot. police were called, and maldonado fled in a stolen suv. he led police on a high speed chase to denver and back to the apartment in thornton. there, police cornered him, and when maldonado raised his gun, three police unloaded on him, firing 21 times and striking him 17. he died on the spot. the thornton county da found officers justified. an autopsy found methamphetamine and alcohol in maldonado's system.
officers were called on a report of a drunk man threatening people at a party with a baseball bat. when officers arrived, they found he was standing on the front porch of a home, armed with a baseball bat and a knife. police said the man refused to put the knife and bat down and officers first tried to tase him. he was then shot and killed when he walked toward police with the weapons.
on january 14, 2013, the adams county sheriff‰Ûªs office received a call of a suspected driving under the influence accident. adams county sheriff‰Ûªs office patrol deputies manual aragon and shawn billings were dispatched to the scene. while en route, adcom dispatch updated that there were other reports of a possible roll- over accident in the area of 156th avenue and quebec. a civilian named witness elise cornett had called 911 after observing a car high~centered in a field off of quebec street. at approximately 6:06 deputy 'manual aragon arrived first on scene and aired his arrival over the radio. within a minute of his arrival, deputy aragon aired over the radio "shots fired" and requested medical units to respond to the scene.
martin initially called police regarding vandals in his front yard. officers shot martin, who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and had methamphetamine in his system, after he answered the door holding a gun. the officers were cleared of any wrongdoing.
officers initially responded to mr. weipert‰Ûªs home in reference to a disturbance that involved an alleged armed, intoxicated man who was threatening suicide. witnesses said several officers surrounded the house and took cover, with guns drawn. a police negotiator made contact with mr. weipert, who refused to comply with officers. ‰ÛÏthreatening acts toward officers present resulted in shots being fired by one officer,‰Û police wrote in a press release.
police received a call that muse was armed and threatening his wife and three children. by the time they arrived, his family had escaped and muse, armed with a shotgun, had barricaded himself in the house. deputies attempted to get muse to surrender, but he refused. when a deputy approached the front of the house, muse shot at him and the deputy fired back, killing muse. muse's wife said her husband was intoxicated.
poice responded to a 911 call from the homeowner that her live-in boyfriend had threatened her with a switchblade. she also stated that rucinski had been agitated for days and was on medication. arriving on the scene the two deputies found the suspect in the garage where he allegedly threatened them. one deputy tasered the suspect, when it did not stop him, the other deputy shot him once in the chest.
hodge's wife frantically called police to report issues with her husband, who was equipped with a high-powered rifle. police arrived and engaged in a short gun battle with hodge, fatally shooting him.
wenzel spent ten years in prison on drug-related charges and was well known to local police. police attempted to pull him over for warrants, but wenzel eluded them. he was later spotted by another patrol car, and a high-speed chase ensued. wenzel, who was unarmed, crashed his car. he then approached the first officer at the scene, who shot and killed wenzel because he felt threatened.
ness left his home with a shotgun and no indication of where he was going. his wife called police to conduct a welfare check. after a multi-county car chase, deputies fatally shot ness who allegedly fired upon law enforcement with the shotgun. ness was described as suicidal.
keeler was openly firing an ak-47 in a residential area. he struck an officer who returned fire and killed keeler.
after getting into a fight with his father and suffering from depression, surface was found by police and ordered to stop. surface allegedly threatened the officer and was shot after reaching into his pocket. surface was found to be reaching for a silver portable telephone in his pocket. the officer was later cleared of any wrongdoing.
cobb county emergency communications center dispatched uniform officers in reference to a domestic dispute. information was provided to the officers that the subject was armed with a handgun and possibly suicidal. as the officer arrived the individual in front of the residence was armed with a firearm. lambeth shot his gun, and the officer shot and killed him.
spry had been battling depression for more than a year. his wife called 911 to report he was armed and threatening the family. state troopers found spry laying on the couch with a handgun. he pointed the gun at one of the troopers and the trooper, sensing an imminent threat, shot and killed him. spry's wife said her husband had stopped taking his medication.
lupton was an afghanistan war veteran with a history of mental illness. police were in the process of conducting a well-being check on lupton when they received a call he was attacking his father and step-mother with a knife at their residence. upon their arrival, one officer tasered lupton, to no effect, after which the second officer shot and killed him. lupton's father and step-mother survived the attack.
denk was a 21-year-old marine suffering from depression since her return from afghanistan. after an alcohol-fueled argument with her boyfriend, she got in her car with a handgun and began texting suicidal messages to him. her boyfriend called 911. police encountered denk parked outside. both officers claim denk raised her gun, so they shot her four times in self defense. district attorney said shooting justified. denk family considering legal action.
o'donnell was well known to police for prior assaults. state troopers were called to a grocery store for o'donnell's disturbing behavior and attempted to taser him into submission. after assaulting and wounding a trooper with a pair of scissors, he was shot multiple times, ran out the front door, and collapsed in the parking lot.
after a woman reported a domestic disturbance involving myrick at her home, an officer, who was already aware of myrick's previous "bizarre, violent behavior" reports that myrick was aggressive through the door when he went to his home. backup arrived, and myrick opened the door allegedly wielding a large knife. police report that witnesses state that cpl. jason boling fell and myrick "continued to come at" him. boling shot him twice and cpl. max adams shot him once.
a pair of officers on bicycle patrol encountered clark in a park known for drug sales and prostitution. clark was pushing a bicycle and holding a weapon. police ordered him to drop it, but instead he aimed and fired at them. both officers returned fire killing clark. state attorney declared shooting justified. clark had long history of drug abuse and criminal convictions.
keith vidal was an 18-year-old schizophrenic whose parents called police because he was having a violent episode, as they had done on many previous occasions. two officers arrived and attempted to calm vidal, who was holding a small screwdriver but not attempting to attack anyone with it. a third officer, detective bryon vassey arrived and allegedly ordered the officers to tase vidal. then vassey shot vidal in the chest. a grand jury indicted vassey for involuntary manslaughter in february. as of september 2014, no trial date has been set.
officers responded to a report that muhammed had assaulted his girlfriend. he barricaded himself inside the apartment and using a machete kept a 2-year-old and a disabled 26-year-old as hostages. officials report that muhammad ‰ÛÏwas obviously under the influence of some drugs.‰Û after a standoff of a few hours he was fatally shot twice when his waving of the machete prompted officers to fear for the lives of the hostages.
officers initiated an investigation involving a stolen motorcycle parked in the parking lot of an extended stay hotel.during the investigation, officers came into contact with massey in one of the hotel rooms. a physical altercation began between massey and officers, and massey produced a handgun. an officer fired his weapon, killing massey.
the family called emergency services because mah-hi-vist was suffering an odd episode. several police agencies showed up, allegedly did not ask questions of the family, obtain any information, or try to assess the situation as a mental health crisis. several officers stormed into the house with weapons drawn and fired on mah-hi-vist, shooting him multiple times.
an officer responding to a number of 911 calls from giliberti's grandmother's home found the 22-year-old in the middle of a ‰ÛÏpsychotic episode," and tasered him to little effect. the officer shot giliberti six times after he approached the officer with a kitchen knife. the county da cleared the officer of any wrongdoing.
two officers were responding to a report of a man urinating in public. an officer talked to the homeless bayne, who was muttering and incoherent. as an officer checked the man's identification, bayne pulled a folding knife from his pocket and charged the officer. an officer shot and missed, so they chased him a couple blocks, and when he wouldn‰Ûªt put down his knife, shot and killed him.
slentz was initially approached by a park ranger at a local park for smelling like alcohol, but later ran off and lead police on a chase that ended after he crashed his car near his home. officers fired and killed slentz after hearing him cock a gun through an open window.
taylor's mother initially called police to help defuse a domestic situation, as taylor had been drinking. an officer fired and killed taylor after the 23-year-old refused to put down a knife he had pointed at the officer. the clark county district attorney found that the officer's use of force was justified, though "regrettable."
victim was schizophrenic, and per his mother, not taking his medications. his mother called the police. murnieks had a knife and after a crisis negotiator failed in trying to get murnieks to disarm, the special operations team shot murnieks.
a 26-year-old man who was shot to death by police in downtown durham tuesday afternoon posted on his facebook page before the fatal standoff that he was upset about a custody dispute over his son and that he hoped to die soon. investigators say derek deandre walker walked into downtown durham's ccb plaza on corcoran street shortly after 4 p.m., distraught, waving a gun and shouting. wral news video from the scene showed what appeared to be walker repeatedly saying "shoot me" while pointing his gun at officers. negotiations failed, and the standoff ended about an hour later with police cpl. r. c. swartz firing at walker.
courtright's wife phoned police to tell them that her husband had a rifle and was intoxicated and suicidal. responding deputies and courtright exchanged gunfire before courtright was fatally shot, and was pronounced dead at the scene.
white was initially shot at by police after he entered an unlocked apartment and was brandishing a knife. police later found white, who was apparently suffering from a mental illness, holding a knife to his throat and shot him after he failed to put the knife down.
police responding to a call from william's girlfriend, who said that he had taken 50 xanax and was trying to kill himself, found williams holding a long-barrel gun. after he refused to drop the weapon, officers shot williams twice, who was pronounced dead at the scene.
the officers were responding to an assault complaint lodged by his wife, judy breton, who previously told the star-ledger she and cespedes argued in the hours before the fatal confrontation. cespedes had been drinking the night of the incident, according to breton, but prosecutors have not revealed the results of toxicology tests. officers angelo quinn, charles mollineaux and matthew dox fired approximately 30 rounds, killing cespedes, according to court papers. quinn and mollineaux each fired 14 times, while dox fired twice, according to court papers. cespedes was struck two dozen times, according to the claim. officer gary devito was also in the apartment, but he did not use his weapon, belleville police chief joseph rotonda said.
mentally ill man causing a ruckus at mother's home. mother called police. man allegedly confronted officers with a shovel. as he approached the officers, he was shot.
after blackwell's husband called to warn police that she had a handgun, officers found her in the parking lot of a wal-mart where she had fired the gun. after refusing to drop the weapon, officers shot her. the county sheriff stated that he believed blackwell intended to commit "suicide by cop."
page shot his sister and her neighbor with a shotgun before police arrived and demanded that he drop his gun. two officers fired and killed page, who apparently suffered from a mental illness. the two responding deputies were cleared of any wrongdoing.
officers responded to call that peters had threatened to kill his estranged wife. while talking on the phone with deputies, he stated that he no longer wanted to live. when officers arrived, he first barricaded himself inside his apartment, then came out armed with three handguns and started firing at them. they returned fire, killing him.
auxier was shot and killed after a two-county chase that ended with him ramming his vehicle into a deputy before being shot. a county official found that the deputy acted appropriately in using lethal force.
scott reportedly became upset when she ran out of pizza, as a sample distributor at costco. witnesses said she was waving a knife and scissors, threatening employees. deputies were called to the store to handle the disturbance. after they arrived, approached the officers with the sharp items, authorities said. one deputy tried to use a stun gun on scott, but it did not work, and another deputy fatally shot her.
sica's parents called authorities to say their son was suicidal and threatening to kill police. when police responded, he locked himself in a garage and fired a shot. when police entered the garage, sica pointed a pistol at them and they fired on him.
after a multi-state high-speed pursuit involving several jurisdictions, reyna ran off the road and disabled her own vehicle. denver city officer ryan taylor shot her three times in the head and twice in the torso, with indications that her hands had been raised, according to an autopsy. she was unarmed.
mauro had checked himself into the eastern plumas health care center in portola saturday night for an unspecified ailment and later began exhibiting "menacing" behavior, according to plumas county sheriff greg hagwood. hagwood said nursing staff called 911 just before 1 a.m. sunday and the arriving deputy found mauro barricaded in his room.at various points in the struggle, mauro reportedly got control of the deputy's taser and baton and fired a shot from the deputy's handgun while it was still holstered.the deputy managed to regain control of the handgun and killed mauro with multiple shots in the lobby.
visalia police shot james outside the family home after he threatened his mother with a knife.
welsch was the subject of a triple-shooting manhunt. local police led kansas bureau of investigation officers to an abandoned house, where they encountered him. he reportedly pointed a gun at them, and they shot at him multiple times, killing him.
morrow, who suffered from dementia, was fatally shot by police after threatening a neighbor with a gun and then refusing to lower the weapon when police arrived.
police shot and killed a sioux falls man after he came out of a house and pointed a gun at officers monday evening. police were called to the scene because the man was suicidal, and there were reports of gunshots in the house.
police serving a warrant at 2 a.m. on burba fatally shot the 59-year-old after he grabbed a b.b. gun and pointed it at officers.
jack roberson's family called 911 after he took a handful of diabetes medicine with alcohol and expressed that he wanted to die; two officers arrived, and classified jack as "combative" and shot him dead in front of his family. police claim roberson had two unspecified objects in his hand, but witnesses maintain he was unarmed.
john bartholomew, mentally unstable, wielding knives outside of his parents house. after his parents called the police he went outside and told officers to kill him while refusing to drop the knives.
police said rank, who was armed, refused to surrender and defied a police command not to leave the residence. he was shot after he left the residence with "multiple" weapons and fled toward the perimeter of the scene, where police were stationed. he was shot and killed.
suspect was holding hostages during a bank robbery
a legally blind disabled woman was under distress speaking of suicide to her son and her grandchildren. the man called the police and asked them to send the mental health officers to take her in for evaluation. police entered the house. within seconds (the son says 30 seconds) the woman was shot three times.
officers responded to call about attempted suicide, encountered armed bastin in yard, resulting in him being shot and killed.
fatally shot by kane county sheriff's deputies after the man pointed a rifle at officers.
subject was drunk and mentally ill inside his own apartment and not threatening others. initial reports stated that subject discharged his firearm at police, but subsequent investigation, which was never completed, indicated he did not fire.
andrew stigliano had an outstanding warrant, was confronted by an officer and he fled. officers attemped to arrest stigliano and he then confronted officers with a shotgun and was subsequently shot.
police said officers responded to a report of an armed man threatening to kill himself or police. when they arrived at the man's house, officers heard gunshots and saw a man with a rifle run inside. two women then ran out of the house to safety. officers' arrival prompted an hours-long standoff during which the man fired several shots in the direction of police, according to reports after the incident. the star tribune reported that a beltrami county swat team sniper fired once, hitting deppa.
officers were attempting to arrest camp for assault and probation violations. he held up in a friend's trailer, barricaded in a bedroom. he pointed his gun at officers and was shot and killed.
firefighters and police arrived at bergeson's home, which was burning. the driveway was blocked with vehicles, and it appeared the fire was deliberately set. bergeson was in the woods behind the house acting irrationally, and he charged police with either a gun or a club, so they shot and killed him.
according to police, the 52-year-old was despondent and told officers on scene he had a weapon. police said he refused to follow officers' commands and that after they attempted to communicate with him for an unspecified period of time, dugas suddenly drew a handgun from his pocket and pointed it at them. officers shot and killed him.
state police were called to help a person who was having a medical emergency. the officer tried pepper spray before shooting and killing justiniano. http://www.scribd.com/doc/209723246/norfolk-county-district-attorney-s-report-on-the-police-shooting-of-wilfredo-justiniano
a deputy arrived outside a residence to conduct a ‰ÛÏwelfare check‰Û on harper. harper was sitting in his vehicle parked in the driveway and holding a handgun. he pointed it toward the deputy, so the deputy shot and killed him.
samuel cruz, 48, was shot dead after his estranged wife called police may 26 because she was worried about the man. police said he would not open the door and threatened officers with a knife when they broke in. they said stun guns failed to stop cruz and when he lunged with the knife, a police officer shot and killed him.
a mentally ill man was being transported to involuntary commitment at the wake crisis center. he overpowered the officer, stole the car, led officers on a high-speed chase before crashing and being shot to death in a field.
officers went to the house because of a disturbance. koontz was on drugs and suicidal, and started shoot at police before they got in the house. he made a break for it in a car, chasing an officer across a neighbor's lawn in the car. he got out of the car and was shot and killed.
town of menasha police were called just after 5 p.m. to deal with wilson a. lutz, 66, who was threatening to harm himself because he was upset about a relationship.
wilson had taken an 18-year-old male high school student hostage after walking into petco with a handgun. it was reported at the scene that one fatal shot was fired by the bannock county sheriff‰Ûªs sergeant and it hit wilson in the neck ending an episode that began about 8 p.m.
police said an armed bethea confronted officers when they arrived at his house in response to a domestic dispute. he approached two officers, who repeatedly ordered him to drop the weapon. he was shot when he pointed the weapon toward the officers, police said.
jones was shot by five officers with the martinsburg police department. jones was shot with a taser twice after allegedly refusing police orders and later was fatally shot when police say he stabbed an officer with a knife during a scuffle with an officer on the ground.
police officers responded to the scene after receiving multiple reports of a suspicious man carrying a machete. when officers encountered the man he was combative, mumbling and making "wild motions" with the machete, which was estimated to be 1 1/2 to 2 feet long. at that point two officers used their stun guns, one hitting the man, but officers said it appeared to have to no effect, perhaps due to his heavy clothing. the man used the machete to cut the stun gun wires off of him. the man continued to be combative and one officer fired his gun once or twice but that had no effect if the man was struck. officers again used stun guns on the man and two officers also shot several rounds at him, striking him. the man was still not deterred and was thrashing and combative as officers handcuffed him and waited for medical assistance. a total of 13 shell casings were covered at the scene, martin said.
after arriving to the scene to a reported domestic disturbance call, patrol officer billy jo ray iii witnessed kristopher gagliardi, who was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder, appear from the duplex and walk towards him with a knife. ray reportedly retreated, while kristopher allegedly continued to advance at which point ray fired two shots into his chest. according to the mothers account, the shots were fired directly after kristopher addressed the officer saying 'go ahead and shoot me' and used a racial slur.
officers responded to a call that angie hall was suicidal, in her yard with a gun. officers claim that they fired upon her after she raised her gun to them.
the trooper pulled the vehicle over and the driver initially was falsely identified as timothy johnson. several field sobriety tests were conducted in and outside of his patrol vehicle on the subject described as weighing nearly 300 pounds and standing 6-feet, 6-inches tall. ‰ÛÏtrooper sullivan stated the final test was a preliminary breath test, which was done,‰Û stated the report. ‰ÛÏthe reading on the instrument was .12 percent and rising.‰Û the trooper told the subject he was under arrest for driving while intoxicated as the subject told him that ‰ÛÏhe wasn‰Ûªt drunk‰Û and became combative. an altercation ensued between the two. ‰ÛÏtrooper sullivan stated ... he was scared the subject was going to kill him and if he was struck one more time he might get knocked out and killed.‰Û mr. sullivan fired three shots that caused the motorist, who was outside the vehicle at that point, to fall to the ground. mr. sullivan retrieved his first-aid kit to render aid to the man and repositioned his patrol vehicle to protect the subject and himself until additional help arrived, the report said.
police say griffin tried to steal a pack of cigarettes from an alto pic-n-go. in convenience store video, griffin can be seen pulling a machete out of his pants after the store owner confronts him. in a dash cam video, griffin pulls out the machete as he walks towards smith. smith shot and killed him.
tschohl, armed with two handguns, resisted officers' attempts to check on his welfare, refusing to leave his house. after more than three hours of negotiations, tschohl fired on officers who approached the house. he then came out the back door, armed, and shot again at officers, who returned fire. north mankato police had attempted to check on tschohl a day earlier after a relative had called to request a welfare check. tschohl refused to talk to officers. the star tribune reported that, the next day, tschohl's family called police again to say he had made "homicidal statements" and had weapons in his house.
officers pursued dempsey as the prime suspect in a recent murder and carjacking. dempsey was fatally shot after ‰ÛÏpulling a gun on troopers.
hamlin was pulled over after report of domestic violence. he allegedly exited vehicle with a rifle, pointing it at himself and then police in a threatening gesture. officers shot, killing hamlin on the scene. shooting was described by police as suicide by police officer. greenbrier county sheriff‰Ûªs department and officers with the alderson police department and the ronceverte police department were also on the scene.
deputies responded to a 911 call of shots fired in the suspect's home. they set up a perimeter, however the suspect was able to escape through the back of the house. lt. christopher hoyt, driving to the scene, saw a man hitchhiking on the northbound shoulder of u.s. highway 53 just north of gordon. hoyt turned on lights, exited the vehicle, drew his weapon, and demanded suspect show his hands. andrew closson allegedly raised a long gun by his leg, pointing it at the deputy. hoyt shot three times, killing closson. shooting was deemed justified by douglas county district attorney dan blank.
